[ Is That Even Allowed? This Wizard Has A Pistol. Oh My God: Dad Just Let It Slip That He Thinks Of Himself As Stoic. A Miraculous Infestation: A Week-By-Week Look Into How A Fetus Develops Into A Baby. Stolen Valor: This Man Is Wearing A Toupee Despite Having Floor-Length Golden Hair. Just The Once Was Fine, Ozzy: Ozzy Osbourne Has Been Unsuccessfully Attempting To Bite The Head Off A Toyota Corolla Car Seat On Instagram Live For The Last Six Hours. Simone Biles Sparked An Important Dialogue About Mental Health. If I May Though, I Would Like To Steer The Conversation Back To What Wind Is. Demystifying Mental Illness: Scientists Have Determined That You May Be At A High Risk For Depression If Your Life Sucks.  "article": []}
][ Is That Even Allowed? This Wizard Has A Pistol. Oh My God: Dad Just Let It Slip That He Thinks Of Himself As Stoic. A Miraculous Infestation: A Week-By-Week Look Into How A Fetus Develops Into A Baby. Stolen Valor: This Man Is Wearing A Toupee Despite Having Floor-Length Golden Hair. Just The Once Was Fine, Ozzy: Ozzy Osbourne Has Been Unsuccessfully Attempting To Bite The Head Off A Toyota Corolla Car Seat On Instagram Live For The Last Six Hours. Simone Biles Sparked An Important Dialogue About Mental Health. If I May Though, I Would Like To Steer The Conversation Back To What Wind Is. Demystifying Mental Illness: Scientists Have Determined That You May Be At A High Risk For Depression If Your Life Sucks.    Why Are You Not Already Doing This: 41 Things You Need To Be Doing Every Day To Avoid Burnout. Brothers In Crisis: Dylan And Cole Sprouse Got Too Drunk Last Night And Now They Don't Know Which One Is Which. Clearing Things Up: Paul Simon Has Revealed The Crime He Sings About In  "Me And Julio Down By The Schoolyard " Is Huffing Nitrous In A Two-Person Superman Costume. How Do They Keep Botching This? Jussie Smollett Has Resigned As The New Host Of  "Jeopardy! " After Fans Unearthed A Hate Crime He Staged In 2019. 5 Times Anthony Bourdain Reminded Us All To Eat. Treats For A Woman. They Lost The Blimp, Didn't They? The Goodyear Twitter Account Is Growing Increasingly Frantic In Its Cheeky Request For People To Tag Them In Photos Of Their Blimp Sightings.       Hmm, something isn't right here. Nope, we Don't like this one bit. There's a scene currently going down in a public park in Hartford, CT that is both incredibly disturbing and probably illegal: This wizard has a pistol.. Yeah, this definitely feels wrong. Pretty sure you can't do that.. For several hours now, the wizard has been waving his gun around and making ". pew pew pew!. " sounds, brazenly defying society's widely agreed-upon understanding of wizards as spooky, bearded grandpas armed only with small wooden wands that are used for shooting magic spells and turning various objects into frogs. Never do guns factor into archetypical depictions of wizards, presumably because it'd look weird and unnatural for them to pack heat, as is clearly evidenced by this magical oddball here, whose gun-toting demeanor feels so jarring and wrong that you'd assume it must be in violation of some unspoken rule or warlock oath.  . To begin with, wizards already have a major advantage over regular people because their knowledge of spells and other forms of devilry allows them to do pretty much whatever they want all the time--and certainly having a gun tips the scales even more in their favor.  Plus, they basically already have control over life and death, so the fact that this wizard is just out and about holding both a wand and a pistol is beyond unfair, as no guy should have that much power. Even if it's legal, it absolutely shouldn't be. . Now, it'd be one thing if the wizard was just going to use his pistol as a wand to shoot spells. It'd be a bit quirky for sure, but ultimately not a big deal. But this wizard has a gun AND a wand, giving him a huge edge over not only regular people but also his fellow sorcerers. It's clearly cheating. And, if you factor in the likelihood that the wizard could very easily put a spell on the bullets and supercharge them so that they can travel for hundreds of miles or turn into bombs or something, there's really no limit on the destruction he's capable of.. Besides, none of the famous wizards from popular culture that we know and love have ever had a gun. Harry Potter never had a gun. Gandalf never had a gun. So not sure where this guy got the idea that it's okay for him to have one. He should know better. Even evil wizards Don't have guns. So where does he think he gets off? Again, this . must . be in violation of some warlock oath.  . Someone should look into this. Just doesn't seem right. . Here's hoping he comes to his senses and gets rid of the gun, or, if not that, the police come and take him to jail. Not saying we're experts on this stuff, but it seems pretty obvious that wizards shouldn't be allowed to have guns. That's no fun for anyone. What's fun is playing by the rules, and this wizard needs to start doing that, STAT.,    Mental health conditions can be caused or exacerbated by a number of factors, whether genetic, biological, environmental, or social. But one group of researchers recently completed a landmark study pinpointing one of the primary catalysts for a common, debilitating mental condition: Scientists have determined that you may be at a high risk for depression if your life sucks.. Wow! This is a truly groundbreaking discovery. . A team of clinical researchers at Harvard University recently completed a 10-year longitudinal study whose findings indicate that a given individual is much more likely to suffer from the hopelessness, lethargy, and frequent mood swings associated with major depression if their life sucks complete and utter ass. The team arrived at this conclusion following an ambitious, multi-year study observing the behaviors of individuals divided into two different test groups. Individuals in the first test group, or the "Awesome Life Cohort," were provided with swanky high-rise apartments, meaningful, fulfilling jobs in their chosen fields, a large circle of devoted friends and lovers, and unlimited money. Conversely, individuals in the second test group, or the "Shitty Life Cohort,"  were forced to live in filthy, dilapidated basement apartments and spend 12 hours a day working in solitary, dead-end temp jobs, all while regularly being reminded that their peers and family members thought of them as huge losers.. The results were astonishing: After just one year, members of the Shitty Life Cohort were 10 times more likely than the Awesome Life Cohort to report thoughts such as "I feel sad that I live in a nasty rat hole," and "The fact that I do the exact same boring activities every day of my life with zero acknowledgment or positive reinforcement from my family or peers makes me unhappy." Whereas members of the Awesome Life Cohort were exponentially more likely to report thoughts such as "I feel fantastic all the time" and "I have no complaints about my life because everything is perfect.". "The bottom line is, the longer you endure what the average American would consider an absolute trash dump of an existence, the more likely you are to suffer from depression--and conversely, leading an epic life of luxury where the adventures never stop is protective against the low moods associated with depression," explained lead researcher Dr. Timothy McDougall. "There are clear short-term implications of having a shitty life as well: in another experiment, we found that members of a group who we punched in the stomach were highly likely to frown or cry as a result (two common depression indicators), while members of a second group to whom we gave $50 Starbucks gift cards were much more inclined to smile and even hum a happy tune. The evidence clearly suggests a higher probability of debilitating mental health disorders for those whose lives are total ass and full of misery and woe.". McDougall and his research team said that their study has profound implications for the treatment of depression. Future therapies could include taking a whirlwind, all-expenses-paid trip to the hottest tourist destinations around the globe, receiving 10 million dollars, or even winning the love and admiration of people around the world via a project that is both personally fulfilling and incredibly altruistic.. How fascinating! We truly have so much to learn about psychology and the human brain, and these amazing new insights will undoubtedly have impacts on the field for years to come. Kudos to these extraordinary scientists for doing such important work to demystify an illness that affects so many millions of people every day. ,    Look, it's no secret that self-awareness isn't exactly Dad's strong suit, but the old man just casually mentioned something that suggests his perception of himself is even more out of whack than previously believed: Dad just let it slip that he thinks of himself as stoic. . LMAO, what?!? Sorry, Pops, but that assessment is WILDLY off the mark. . Dad revealed this incredibly inaccurate opinion of himself earlier today in response to a story Mom was telling about how a couple they know is experiencing marital difficulties partly due to the husband's emotional inaccessibility, to which he replied with a completely straight face that, "I mean, the fact is that men of our generation are just stoic by nature. I Don't let my feelings show, either." It was a truly bewildering statement to hear from a man who literally throws a tantrum every time he's forced to use self-checkout at a store, and who once refused to eat dinner one night because Mom didn't buy his preferred brand of mustard to have with bratwurst, and who just this week has been whining nonstop every day about how the shade from the neighbors " new gazebo is causing the grass along the property line in our yard to yellow. Empirically and indisputably, Dad is an overly sensitive, immature little bitch, and it is utterly baffling how he somehow arrived at this idea of himself as an emotionally steady, rock-of-the-family type.. Perhaps all the WWII movies he watches have rubbed off on him and made him feel like he's some kind of solemn "man of few words" who quietly sips scotch at night to deal with his demons, but it'd take some next-level mental gymnastics to reconcile this notion with his actual, real-life behavior, which is so driven by stress and rage that he literally has to take prescription medication every day for his blood pressure. Like, have you ever seen this guy try to maintain his composure when ordering at a drive-thru? Dude's an absolute mess. He is basically just an overweight, sentient mass of emotional volatility that at any moment could erupt at the slightest provocation.  . Seriously, how could he possibly see himself as stoic? What's going on in his little pig brain that made him arrive at such a batshit conclusion?. But, hey, whatever. If Dad wants to portray himself as stoic despite the fact that he once punched a hole in the living room drywall because the Bears shanked a game-winning field goal attempt, he can go ahead. Not like anyone listens to him anyway. Fuckin' doofus.,    The baby will keep saying this over and over again, thousands of times a day, until it is born. ,    Ozzy Osbourne is unquestionably one of the greatest frontmen in rock history, but unfortunately the 72-year-old singer is currently in the middle of something that may very well sully his incredible legacy: Ozzy has been unsuccessfully trying to bite the head off a Toyota Corolla car seat on Instagram Live for the last six hours.. Damn. Yeah, definitely didn't have to run this one back, Ozzy. Just doing it the one time with the bat was fine.. Any self-respecting rock fan can tell you how iconic it was when Ozzy bit the head off a live bat during a concert back in 1982, but unfortunately, the Black Sabbath singer seems intent on tainting that legendary moment with the underwhelming sequel that's currently unfolding. Taking to Instagram Live just past five o'clock this morning, standing in his driveway and clearly trying to look concert-ready--leather duster, big cross necklace, but also a few depressing additions like ratty pajama pants and those grippy kinds of socks they give out in hospitals--the metal icon greeted his 4.5 million followers with a spirited, "Hello, Instagram! Who wants to see me bite off something even bigger and cooler than a bat's head?" From there, he crawled into the backseat of a 1998 Toyota Corolla, fumbled with the radio's Bluetooth settings until "Mr. Crowley" came blasting through the speakers, clicked his phone into one of those windshield holders that old people and Uber drivers like to use, and began futilely trying to bite the headrest off the driver's seat.. From the jump, it was clear that Ozzy did not understand the impossibility of what he had set out to do. After throwing up devil horns to the camera, Ozzy put the front seat in a headlock like it was gonna try to run away, dramatically lowered his teeth toward it like a vampire, and began just kind of gnawing and slurping on the headrest for a while. To see the rock legend futilely slobbering all over a car seat for hours on end has been a pretty big bummer, and sadly he's still going at it despite getting no closer to his goal of biting off the headrest than when he started. Soaked in sweat and gasping for air with his eyeliner dripping down his face, you gotta imagine that this isn't what he envisioned when he kicked off the stunt. . Oof. Yeah, if it ain't broke, Don't fix it, Ozzy. No need to relive the glory days. . Unfortunately, things are only getting more and more depressing, as he is now pausing every few minutes to share little anecdotes with the "crowd" like how singers do at real concerts, including one about how arthritis has warped his fingers so badly that he can no longer take his rings off, and another about how he still talks to Randy Rhoads in his dreams. Then there's the fact that the "This is Ozzy Osbourne" Spotify playlist he had going ended hours ago, so Spotify did that thing where it starts playing similar-ish songs, but six hours in it's totally grasping at straws and playing super non-Ozzy stuff like Genesis and The Jackson 5. Meanwhile, the vast majority of comments he's receiving from viewers are expressing concern, saying things like, "Are you okay, Ozzy? Need us to call someone to help you?" and "Hey man, you should prob see a doctor who specializes in dementia, we're worried for you." However, Ozzy remains unfazed and has yet to show any signs of slowing down. . Yeesh. It's tough to watch one of metal's greatest showmen miss the mark this badly, and for six straight hours and counting. Here's hoping Ozzy manages to at least bite off a small chunk of the headrest so he can feel like he got a victory, or that his phone dies soon, or that a family member realizes he's missing and comes to take him back to his room or something. We're pulling for you, Ozzy! ,    Sometimes a single act of courage can wind up shifting perspectives across the entire world, and Simone Biles " brave decision to withdraw from several gymnastic events during the Tokyo Olympics out of consideration for her own well-being sparked an important and frankly long-overdue dialogue about how our society treats mental health. If I may though, I would like to steer the conversation back around to what wind is.. In the weeks since Biles made her brave announcement, we've been engaged in a productive national discussion about mental health and how it relates to our broader cultural conception of "success," which is a huge step forward for us all--in no way am I trying to detract from that. But it just so happened to come right as I'd been contemplating on the mysterious force that is wind, and I'd love to circle back on that now that we've made some headway on the mental health thing. In my own research, I've determined that it's very possible that wind could simply be the sensation of dinosaur ghosts flying around as they eternally wander the Earth due to their souls not being allowed in either heaven or hell. Now, in the interest of full transparency, this theory doesn't quite explain why we can feel wind on holy ground like churches or graveyards, but it definitely merits further discussion. . Just as recently as a month ago, few outside the gymnastics world had ever heard of the "twisties," much less considered how dangerous such a loss of spatial orientation could make the sport for athletes so afflicted, and now that we're all caught it up it feels reasonable for me to redirect our discussion towards another wind theory of mine, which is whether wind causes or is caused by the majestic waving of American flags. I'm sure they're correlated somehow, but it's been too much of a chicken-and-the-egg scenario for me to make sense of alone with everyone else talking about the crushing weight of expectation our society places on young athletes. In the past, public dialogue has helped move me away from a similar thesis that wind is generated by birds flapping their wings, but I see way more flags than birds these days and they're also almost always bigger, so I'd really appreciate hearing everyone's thoughts if people are cool switching the topic now.. I certainly Don't need to give any more airtime to critics " arguments that Biles " decision was "selfish" or "entitled," in part because they're disingenuous and rooted in the toxic assumption that athletes exist only to serve our desire for entertainment, and in part because I have a theory about wind coming from a single, colossal Antarctic fan built by ancient Atlanteans that I'm really dying to bounce off of everybody while it's still fresh in my mind. You saw a similar kind of backlash after Naomi Osaka's decision to withdraw from the French Open, though I'm fully willing to admit that I steamrolled ahead with my "wind is what happens when God lets out a sigh" idea too forcefully for a national discussion of mental health to get going back then. I derailed that one, and Simone Biles derailed me in turn. Seems like we're square now, so how about we get back on track by spitballing some ideas about whether regular air is just wind that has died and become inert or if it is wind that is merely resting in place.. Future generations will no doubt hail Simone Biles as the GOAT for both her dominant athleticism and her bold mental health advocacy, but I'd hate for her to also be remembered as the reason we still Don't know what the hell is going on with wind. Let's put a pin in the mental health stuff for now and come back later, because I'm pretty sure just a bit more discussion about wind could finally bust this thing wide open. ,    Every day, the Goodyear Blimp's Twitter account retweets photos people have taken after spotting the iconic airship passing through their city, but from the looks of the account's tweets today, it definitely seems like something's off: The Goodyear Twitter account is growing increasingly frantic in its cheeky requests for people to tag them in photos of their blimp sightings.. Oh God. They lost the blimp, didn't they?. Earlier today, the account began sending out increasingly urgent tweets that definitely give you the sense that something might've gone wrong: . Yikes. You can definitely sense the panic over at Goodyear HQ. Here's hoping they're able to find the blimp soon. In the meantime, it might be good for us to all go outside and look around for it, as it seems like Goodyear could really use the help.,    O, Woman! Wonderful woman. You work so hard, and for you there must be gifts and treats. Please accept them--you must have them (immediately). Here they are: treats for a woman ...yes!. One hundred dollars is the cost of this fine comb, but no dollar amount could be too high for a woman! You are a mother, a worker, and a girl, and it is only fair that this comb is for you. Do not deny yourself--have it and hold it in your small hands. Run it through your tresses and rejoice! It is a treat (one you deserve). It is for your hair.. Mmmm ...tea. Yes. This is the delicacy a woman wants. After a long woman's day, there are times when you must sit and sip. This tea, tea of berries, will improve your spirit. Your life is full of difficulties, such as disrespect at workplace and weak bones. Dampen your woman's grief with tea. You must.  . Woman, throughout history, has been a difficult person to be. But all that has changed, and you must celebrate with Vase. No matter your shape, size, job, or height, woman, there can indeed be a Vase in your home that is yours, as a treat. When you look in the mirror, do not despair, because you can be a Vase Lady. You are Enough. Do not forget this, woman! . (NOTE: A vase can be found at The Store.). Ms. Woman, you are in luck, because here is the world's largest treat for you! It is the enormous frown called the Saint Louis Arch, and it loves to be worshiped! It is your favorite shape, the shape of eyebrows and of necklaces, and it serves no purpose whatsoever! Please, travel to the Middle West so you may see this towering treat that every woman covets. . Many treats for a woman can be found on Amazon.com, such as this breathtaking luxury cushion. Did you know that a cushion can go underneath or behind you? And that it has a nice soft feeling that will calm you during womanly tantrums? Please, do not be rude, accept this opulent cushion so you may rest your woman's back. The time has come. When your woman friends arrive at your house for Woman's Gossip Hour and see your cushion, they will say "fuck you" with jealousy, and you will feel superior and proud. How lucky you are to be spoiled with this cushion.   . A computer of your own??? Is this Heaven? No, woman, Heaven is a lie, but this computer is not. It is a treat, and it is real. Let it empower you to "surf" the web so that you may discover woman's websites. There is no telling what facts and figures you may come across during your computer time, but suffice it to say, they will be great in number. You will not be able to stop clicking your mouse even if you want to!. They call this shark "The Woman's Shark," and for good reason. It is the perfect companion to be enjoyed by a lady as she does her dances or crafts. As they say, "A shark in a basin is a treat for the kitchen!" So true. For you to have this shark would mean endless happiness. Pet him, sing to him, behold his silent roaming! Yes! Have this shark, and cry and spin beneath the full moon, knowing that he is a treat, and he is yours. Woman, you are strong and you are worthy. Enjoy this small shark. You must., This "ll Work: 8 Pictures Of Snacks Dad Liked We Included In His Memorial Slideshow Because We Only Had, Like, 2 Good Pictures Of Him. Why Is He Doing This? The Veterinarian Singing To This Family About How He Had To Launch Their Cat Into Space Is Clearly Josh Groban In A Disguise. Bold Marketing Strategy: Converse Just Released An Ad Claiming That If That Guy Had Thrown A Converse Shoe At George W. Bush It Would Have Killed Him. Spreading Awareness: Benicio Del Toro Just Created A New Foundation To Educate The Ladies That There Is Only So Much Benicio To Go Around.  "Power To Ya, But Damn ": Diet Coke Just Launched A New Ad Campaign About How Not Even They're Sure Why Some People Start Drinking That Shit At 9 AM. Getting Back To What Matters: Mark Zuckerberg Is Stepping Down From Facebook To Refocus On His Passion For Helping Harvard Students Connect Online. Yes! Aveeno Has Released A New Line Of Moisturizers Specifically For The 7 Different Types Of Skin That Make Up Your Genitals.       For decades, music fans have wondered what exactly the unnamed crime Paul Simon mentions committing in his 1972 smash hit "Me And Julio Down By The Schoolyard," and it looks like we've finally got an answer: The singer has revealed that the crime he's referring to is huffing nitrous in a two-person Superman costume.. Ah, okay. Thanks for clearing that up, Paul!. In a press conference earlier today, Paul Simon announced that the infamous crime "the Mama saw" was simply him and his friend Julio doing whippits in a school parking lot while crammed into a two-person Superman costume--a criminal offense he deemed sufficiently compelling to feature as the centerpiece of one of the most beloved songs he's released throughout his storied 66-year career. Paul went on to explain that the illegal part of that situation was the nitrous--which felt doubly illegal due to its proximity to a school--and that the Superman costume wasn't illegal . per se. , but there was certainly something unsavory to it. . "Although these details aren't in the song, I've always imagined that me and Julio were standing in our costume right on top of one of those merry-go-round things, standing completely still, just passing the nitrous back and forth, totally silent," said Paul. "We thought that if we did enough nitrous we'd start to believe we actually were Superman, and I'm pleased to report that we were successful in our efforts, having acquired the forbidden knowledge of how it feels to be Superman standing completely still on a merry-go-round.". Paul then clarified that a two-person Superman costume is not like a two-person horse costume, where one person is the front and one is the back, but rather something where you and your friend stand snugly together like dominoes inside a single suit so that it's nearly bursting at the seams, making the two of you look really thick and therefore really strong--just like the real Superman.". "Fake muscles just aren't convincing. If you want to look convincingly like Superman, you've gotta double up in a single suit with a buddy, and you've gotta both flex as hard as you can at all times so that people can tell it's real human bulk in there and not just padding," said Simon during a long-winded, 20-minute explanation of the costume. "We got quite good at operating the costume in tandem. Both of our heads were sticking out the neck hole, but we were maneuvering as if a single organism, and this turned out to be an unsettling sight to behold for many of the parents at the playground--two grown men functioning in perfect synchronicity as Superman, standing double-wide in a single suit to convey accurate muscle mass, while passing a can of nitrous back and forth and grinning wide-eyed atop a merry-go-round. No surprise me and Julio would get the cops called on us for that.". Paul continued to say that the reason the radical priest came to get him released was because it was actually the priest's two-person Superman suit, and he needed it back so he and another priest could sing worship songs in it to trick kids into loving God. All of this, he added, was explained in the original version of the song, but Columbia Records cut it from the version that was eventually released to the public without his knowledge or permission. . What an exciting look into the backstory of such an iconic song! Kudos to Paul for finally shedding light on this mystery, and also for explaining two-person Superman costumes in such thorough detail.,    Nothing good ever comes from a long night of drinking, and two of Hollywood's most famous brothers unfortunately just learned this the hard way: Dylan and Cole Sprouse got too drunk last night and now they Don't know which one is which.. Ugh, what a headache. This is the last thing you want to deal with when hungover. . According to sources familiar with the situation, after going on a liquor-fueled bender last night to celebrate being brothers, Dylan and Cole both awoke in a hazy stupor this morning with absolutely zero idea which specific twin they were. While taking turns vomiting into a small garbage bin, the two began frantically comparing license photos and calling one another "Dylan" and "Cole" to see if one name resonated with them more than the other. All of this was to no avail, as the sleep-deprived, nausea-ridden brothers only grew less and less sure of their true identities with each attempt to clarify who was Dylan and who was Cole.. "I am ...Dylan ...no, wait ...I am ...Cole ...," muttered both brothers simultaneously as they stared into the mirror and pointed at one another in utter confusion. "Which brother is which ...he does not know ...."  . Panicked, the brothers tried a number of strategies to get to the bottom of their identity crisis, including running reverse image searches of themselves on Google and asking their parents over FaceTime, but neither technology nor kin could discern one identical sibling from the other. Out of ideas for telling each other apart, the brothers ultimately just gave up on trying and instead opted to write "Dylan" and "Cole" on two slips of paper and then draw them from a hat to determine which name each would go with for the rest of their lives. . God, how frustrating. Poor guys.. Our hearts go out to the Sprouse twins today. Hopefully Dylan and Cole can move past this fiasco and learn to feel confident in the identities they drew from the hat. Good luck, Dylan and Cole!,    There's nothing more disgusting than falsely exploiting the bravery of others to enhance your own public image, and this son of a bitch might be the worst case we've ever seen: This man is wearing a toupee despite having floor-length golden hair.. Oh, . hell . no. Not just anyone can wear a toupee--you gotta earn that shit, motherfucker. . In a just world, toupees would only be worn by those who have actually undergone the harrowing ordeal of male-pattern baldness, but absolute piece of shit Silas Blanchard has co-opted the toupee for his own reputational gain even though he still possesses a robust mane of lush, flaxen hair. This imposter has no idea what it's like to awkwardly crane your neck up at a hand mirror angled at a bathroom mirror to examine a widening bald spot, and while he probably thinks he looks like hot shit strutting around in that awesome, stately toupee, he wouldn't last one goddamn day out in the real world if he was actually suffering from hair loss. Some men spend years, even decades, rubbing medicinal salves onto their scalps and sleeping in weird, non-FDA approved electrode caps, but this Rapunzel-looking shitheel thinks he can just skip all that and cut straight to the perks of toupee ownership as if it's merely a fashion choice and not an entire way of life.. Part of what makes this so galling is how easily you can see through his attempts to pass himself off as an authentic toupee-wearer if you know what to look for: He no doubt thinks it looks convincing how he reflexively claps a hand over his toupee whenever a strong breeze comes up, but the radiant flowing locks billowing luxuriously out behind him should instantly set off alarm bells that this guy's not what he seems. He also frequently asks total strangers if they've noticed that he's wearing a toupee, when a real balding guy would never draw attention to their toupee so tactlessly, preferring instead to simply wear it in quiet dignity. Perhaps the most infuriating display we've seen came after seagull snatched his toupee during a trip to the beach, when he made a big show of chasing after it and shouting, "My toupee! My toupee! I can't live without my toupee!" despite looking straight out of a Pantene commercial with his naturally gorgeous tresses glimmering in the sunlight.. Fucking hell, is nothing sacred?. We'd really like to get up in this fraud's face and confront him over his sickening, cowardly little masquerade. He may think he can walk the walk in that toupee, but subjecting him to a little direct questioning like "Who was your practicing hair loss specialist, sir?" and "What hair transplant center were you treated at?" would expose him as the phony long-haired charlatan that he is. Of course there's nothing inherently wrong with having a full head of splendid, lustrous hair so long it can tickle your ankles, but trying to appropriate the toupee when you Don't have the partially exposed scalp to back it up is deception at its most bastardly. . Seriously--this is a bridge too fucking far.. What an utterly contemptible lie this double-dealing asshole is living. Here's hoping he "ll come to his senses and hang up that toupee for good, or the toupee-respecting people of this country might have to take matters into our own hands. Better watch your back, fucko. ,    Are you feeling tired, unmotivated, and generally burned out? If so, then that's on you, as avoiding burnout is as easy as doing 41 little things each and every day. So what are you waiting for? Here are a few dozen things you must constantly be doing in order to be the best version of yourself. . All it takes to start your day off on the right foot is just a few hours of mindfulness exercises first thing in the morning. And before you say "I'm too busy for that," know that even just an hour meditation session or a quick five mile walk before breakfast can do wonders for your mental health. you've got no excuses--set yourself up for success with dedicated mindfulness time every single day!. Please Don't tell us you aren't exercising 20 minutes a day! The endorphins released by exercise are the best weapons you have to combat stress and fatigue, so why wouldn't you use them? Get to the gym, stat!. This can be anybody, as long as they love you unconditionally and are willing to provide you with support and encouragement whenever you need it on any given day. Stop putting this off! It couldn't be easier!. A healthy breakfast is essential for brain function and stress management. If you did not have a healthy breakfast this morning, we're not going to sugarcoat it--you are fucked!. Your cortisol (stress hormone) WILL spike if you do not eat an EXTREMELY healthy lunch each day (no exceptions)! But no worries, because all you've got to do is put healthy food in your mouth instead of unhealthy food. So, so simple.. Sorry, but why would you not eat a balanced, nourishing dinner every night? Are you stupid? This is a no-brainer.. Any idiot knows that fatty, sugary snacks can make you sluggish and unfocused, which is why you should limit yourself to only eating snacks that are incredibly healthy.    . Wellness starts at the home, and having a clean, tidy place to live is crucial for getting into a good headspace. If your home is not clean at all times, your life will be a chaotic, irredeemable nightmare!. Skip this one at your own peril (you will burn out--and HARD!).. Please tell us you're doing this already. Because if you're not spending half an hour a day writing out what you're grateful for, then you're setting yourself up to fail.. Keeping a gratitude journal is important, but so is keeping a bullet journal--doing just one is NOT ENOUGH. This time-tested form of journaling is one of the top 50 most important tools in your anti-burnout toolkit, and if you Don't use it, you are officially hopeless. . Priorities are essential! Make a to-do list right when you jump out of bed if you do not want to have a devastating mental breakdown during the day. It's so easy!. Separate these from your work tasks. If you think about work while looking at your home tasks list, you may experience what is known as "spontaneous burnout" and send your life into a spiral. Don't even think about it!. Setting aside daily time for intentional acts of self-care is absolutely imperative if you want to be a functioning, capable human being, and failing to commit to it--in addition to committing to work-life balance, proper nutrition, physical exercise, mindfulness, and multiple forms of journaling--will fuck your life up in a major way.  . One hour in the bath every night is an absolute must for anyone who wants to avoid having a mental health crisis. We assume that you're already doing this as part of your regular self-care routine, but if not, Don't be surprised if you one day find yourself in a mental hospital.. Your body needs to recharge at night if it is going to endure tomorrow! Anything less than eight hours of sleep is absolutely unacceptable.. Hitting the snooze button is one of the quickest shortcuts to burnout. . This awesome product is a burnout-fighter you need to crawl under daily. You should already know this, though!. If you have purpose in life, you'll never burn out--this is why people like Gandhi and Steve Jobs are capable of achieving so much. If you Don't know your purpose, then figure it out by tomorrow at the absolute latest or brace yourself for the consequences (a life of burnout and failure).. Work with a therapist to fundamentally change the way you think about literally everything in your life. It's not hard. . FYI, if your home is not optimized for hygge, then that is most likely the reason for any and all negative feelings you are currently experiencing!. Early man spent all day outside, which is why he never burned out from jumping around and running after animals and stuff. You need to start doing the exact same thing immediately, because without achieving the recommended Vitamin D intake on a daily basis, you Don't have a chance in hell at leading a happy, productive life.. These powerful supplements are vital for protecting your brain against burnout, and incorporating them into your wellness regimen is a piece of cake. All you've got to do is remember to take them with food three times a day for the rest of your life, never forgetting even once. . Screen time is what we call a "burnout enhancer." Do not under any circumstances get more than four minutes of screen time per day.. One hundred dollars is the minimum you should be spending on CBD each month if you do not want stress to turn you into a desiccated husk of your former self.. Five to seven is a conservative figure--ideally that number would be in the dozens. More support = more protection against burnout. . One of the simplest ways to avoid burnout is to spend your days doing important, well-paying work in your dream field. Do this now or suffer a stress-induced heart condition!. Sorry, but you'd have to be a fucking idiot if you are not already using deep breathing techniques to manage stress and anxiety. But if for some reason you haven't tried it yet, you better get on that now before you utterly ruin your life. . Sometimes a quick one-month social media sabbatical is just what the doctor ordered. Try to do this every month if you can!. Having a dog or cat around can reduce your stress levels and lower your heart rate, which is why you should be putting aside a couple of hours each day to interact with animals--that is, if you're not already doing it, though hopefully you are if you give even one shit about your mental health.. Do you really think you're going to achieve your goals burnout-free without a vision board? Give us a break.. Gratitude journals and bullet journals work wonders, but you are dead in the water if you're not also keeping a normal journal. Seriously, you can't neglect this. Your psyche is too fragile. . Don't even bother reading the rest of this article if you aren't doing yoga first thing in the morning. And if you think you're too busy for it, just wake up a couple hours earlier and do it before the sun rises. Just be sure to go to bed a couple hours earlier, too, to make sure you're getting in a full eight hours of sleep.. It's only slightly more expensive than regular yoga, and the benefits are undeniable. Goat yoga is essential for becoming a well-adjusted, mentally strong person.. No one's asking you to do a million things a day. Just 40 or so. Keep your goals realistic, and maintain a manageable workload in order to achieve them. . If you Don't pre-prepare your meals yet still expect to avoid burnout, then you've got another thing coming. Just make all your meals ahead of time and neatly store them in freezer-safe containers. It's not goddamn rocket science. . Very obvious. Come on!. Anyone who knows anything about the Japanese way of living knows that spending one or two hours per day immersed in a forest setting is absolutely vital for avoiding burnout. But if you'd rather be an absolute hot mess, feel free to skip this one. . Keep up close relationships with children and the elderly (BOTH, not just one) or else!. A grounding spiritual practice is absolutely vital. Learn to believe in God immediately!. If you're doing the other 40 things on this list but still not using a standing desk, then you're just wasting your time, because by sitting at a normal desk you are literally inviting burnout to come have its way with you. Yes, maintaining your mental health is incredibly easy, but not if you're sitting in a chair all day, as sitting is the new smoking. So get a standing desk, and do the other 40 things on this list as well. It takes so little effort but pays off in so many big ways. you've got no excuse not to.,    It's essential for companies to distinguish themselves from their competitors, and here's a story about one footwear brand making a bold move to stand out from the pack: Converse just released an ad claiming that if that guy had thrown a Converse shoe at George W. Bush it would have killed him.. Whoa. Converse is not messing around!. The company announced the new campaign in a press release earlier this week, boasting about how not only do Converse sneakers have an iconic and timeless appeal, but they can also be effectively used to take out any heads of state whose foreign policy you despise. A new commercial spot for the brand opens on black-and-white footage of the infamous 2008 incident in which an Iraqi journalist angrily threw two shoes at then-president Bush, with voiceover that says, "Other footwear brands just Don't get it done." We then cut to a convincingly edited reimagining of the same footage where the journalist throws a Converse Chuck Taylor sneaker at Bush, which hits him squarely in the chest and causes him to explode. As blood and viscera rain down over the podium, the voiceover returns and says, "Converses would've finished him off" before the commercial fades to black.  . Damn. Pretty gutsy, Converse. . The campaign also features a print ad showing a large Converse sneaker printed over the image of President Bush ducking away from the shoes that the Iraqi threw at him. The text reads, "A journalist threw both of his shoes at President Bush. He missed both times." Then, below, larger text reads, "One Converse would've gotten it done." Another print ad takes a more minimalist approach and features a stylish photo of Converse's fall line with the text, "Comfortable sole. Classic colors. Can destroy the leader of the free world at a Baghdad press conference." . Wow. Converse is really swinging for the fences with this new campaign, but it's still unclear whether it will pay off for them. If it does, then it'll only be a matter of time before major brands like Nike and Adidas follow suit with similar claims of their own.,    While it's certainly for the best that Jussie stepped down as host, the damage has been done, with Jeopardy! once again canceling production on new episodes until further notice. Inside sources say the show has a small pool of potential replacements in consideration, with Stephen Rannazzisi, Marilyn Manson, and Tila Tequila rumored as top contenders, but otherwise, there's been no official word from ABC regarding their next steps. , How Many Of These Passive-Aggressive Comments Has Your Dad Made About Spider-Man Out Of Jealousy?. Where The Hell Did He Find That? Dad's Snuggling Up In His Crate With A Flip Flop That Doesn't Belong To Anyone In The House. Dangerous Overcorrection: Police Haven't Caught A Witch In Over 300 Years.  "Out, Out, Brief Candle! ": This Little Boy Whose Pet Gecko Passed Away Is Wailing About Losing His Only Heir. Neat! Researchers Have Determined That You Can Just Give A Dog Breast Implants And Nothing Bad Happens. Huge Relief: This Child Is Only Bald And Hooked Up To A Bunch Of Tubes For Fun.  "You'll Be Fine ": Burger King Just Tweeted That While It's Bad To Drink And Drive, That Shouldn't Stop You From Getting A Whopper If you're Buzzed And You Want One.       It's hard to believe three years have already passed since Anthony Bourdain's death. Throughout his career, the iconic TV personality helped millions of people around the world remember to consume food. Here are five times when Anthony Bourdain reminded us all to eat.  . It's hard to think of a moment that better captures Bourdain's legacy than this scene where he went and ate waffles, teaching us all that we too should eat food--especially if we are feeling hungry.. The episode of . Parts Unknown.  where Bourdain sat on a small chair and ate noodles was a powerful reminder of how necessary it is to eat dinner, no matter where you are in the world, whether in a kitchen, at a table, or on top of a small chair. Because without dinner? We would be hungry. . When Bourdain passed away, we lost a giant of the food world, someone who dedicated his life to showing us different kinds of food that can be eaten, such as this large meat sandwich. Though some may try, no one will ever fill his shoes. . Pictured here wearing a chef's jacket in a restaurant setting, you Don't even have to read past the cover of Bourdain's memoir . Kitchen Confidential . to be reminded that, yes, there is food, and, yes, there are places called restaurants where you can go and eat it. . Bourdain's last meal that aired on TV was two hard-boiled eggs. It was such a simple meal, but with such a profound message: that oftentimes in life there is food, such as eggs, and you are allowed to eat the food. That was his gospel, and it's up to us to keep spreading it in his absence. Rest in peace, Anthony.,    It's no secret that Americans love soda, but their devotion to certain beverages appears to be more intense than one major soft drink company can even comprehend: Diet Coke just launched a new ad campaign about how not even they're sure why some people start drinking that shit at 9 a.m.. Very bold to call out consumers like this, but you have to appreciate the honesty.. The company released a series of print ads, billboards, and commercial spots this week questioning why so many Americans choose to guzzle massive quantities of Diet Coke first thing in the morning, adding that while they certainly appreciate customers " loyalty to the product, they quite frankly cannot fathom the appeal of throwing back liter after liter of carbonated aspartame syrup when the sun hasn't even fully risen.. "We've heard countless stories over the years of people who faithfully start their mornings with humongous gas station cups of Diet Coke or a six-pack of Diet Coke with their breakfast, which is fine if that's what you're into, but we're just not totally sure what makes people think that it's the sort of thing they should be sucking down straight out of bed," said the company in a press release. "Like, it's pretty full of chemicals, you know. Everyone's free to drink whatever they'd like in the morning, including staggering amounts of Diet Coke, but we're just making sure you guys know that it's a soda and not, like, a juice or something." . One of the campaign's TV spots shows an elderly couple digging into a pancake breakfast at a diner before flagging their waiter down for two Diet Cokes. A befuddled voiceover is heard saying, "Start your day with Diet Coke, we guess? Sounds gross, to be honest, but you do you." Then, a print ad from the campaign depicts a man in a bathrobe groggily grabbing a couple cans of Diet Coke from the fridge first thing in the morning, with a caption that reads, "Really? Soda before breakfast? This is what your body's telling you to do? Pretty weird, but okay."  . It's definitely a bold marketing strategy, but you've gotta appreciate Diet Coke for being so transparent with their customers. Indeed, drinking Diet Coke first thing in the morning seems pretty fucked up, but to each their own. Are YOU someone who drinks Diet Coke right after waking up? If so, let us know why in the comments!,
    We recently were devastated by the loss of our father, and for some reason, it appears no one took any good pictures of him from the time he was born until the time he died. Here are nine pictures of snacks Dad liked that we had to include in his memorial slideshow to help pad it out. . Planning a funeral while in mourning is something no one is prepared for, much less when you've only got, like, two usable pictures for the memorial slideshow. Most of the pictures Mom had of Dad were of him holding up a fish he caught on a trip to Canada in 1984, and despite there being about 18 in the series, they're all almost exactly the same and every single one of them is out of focus. Plus, the fish wasn't that big. So we used this picture of cashews for his memorial slideshow instead. Dad loved cashews, despite frequently complaining that they were, "Getting almost as expensive as macadamia nuts.". Everyone in Dad's circle was absolutely crushed by his passing, so we wanted to make sure his funeral really honored his life and who he was. And he was, among other things, a guy who loved Ruffles, so this was the second picture we included in his slideshow, right after his baby picture.  . One thing about Dad is that he liked eating pretzels--really enjoyed sucking the salt off of them. But he wasn't a fan of having his picture taken, which is why we had to use this picture of pretzels for the slideshow. We left it up on screen for, like, 45 seconds. . It would have been really touching if we would have had some pictures of Dad playing with his grandkids or mowing the lawn or something to include in his slideshow, but we made due with this photo of Rolos, because, well, Dad was a Rolos man.. This photo of ice cream sandwiches showed up in the slideshow just as the second verse of Sinatra's "My Way" kicked in, and it was weirdly kind of beautiful.  . One debate we had was whether a fish sandwich qualified as a snack, but Dad would eat them like they were, so we included this picture.. Dad loved all sodas, but he loved RC Cola the most. Wish he would've liked taking pictures, though, as we'd rather not remember him through pictures of soda. . Dad was a hard worker, an honest man, a wonderful husband and father, and a dedicated popcorn eater. We're going to miss him., The Queen Has Arrived: Mom Just Walked Into Chipotle And Said  "Rice Plate " To The First Employee She Saw And Refuses To Answer Any Further Questions. Doing Damage Control: Miles Teller Just Had To Solemnly Tour The Smithsonian Air & Space Museum After Making Fun Of Hot Air Balloons. In 1950 We Had Gornilla Who Live In Palnace I Wonder Whare He Goed Porbably Dead I Supponse (By Queen Elizabeth II). Heartbreaking: Barron Trump Still Thinks Kathy Griffin Beheaded Donald Trump In 2017 And Screams In Terror Every Time He Sees His Father. Jumping The Gun: Three Couples In Their 60s Are Already On The Dance Floor At This Wedding Even Though No Music Is Playing And The Best Man Is Still Making His Speech. Tackling Gun Violence: Legislators Now Recommend That Families Designate A Survivor On Trips To The Grocery Store. Dedication To Her Craft: Mom Got Absolutely Shredded To Play One Of The Nuns In A Community Theater Production Of  "The Sound Of Music ".       Every day, exciting discoveries are being made that help us better understand the world around us, and one team of scientists just produced some extraordinary new findings that will surely change the way we think about man's best friend forever: Researchers have determined that you can just give a dog breast implants and nothing bad happens. . Neat! Not sure what we "ll do with this knowledge, but definitely good to know. . Earlier this week, a team of researchers at Stanford University announced the results of a three-year, $120 million study that found that silicone breast implants pose no significant risks to dogs, concluding that, if you for whatever reason want to give your dog boobs, it'd probably be fine to do so. While it was originally hypothesized that breast implants would "probably not feel that good for dogs and maybe make them sick," the researchers were heartened to discover that none of the 100-plus canines whose breasts they surgically augmented ended up getting sick or dying, and they instead mostly seemed to "just roll with it," quickly adapting to their new buxom proportions. . "Other than a short adjustment period following the surgeries where the dogs would sometimes knock over their water bowls with their new breasts or bark at them after mistaking them for squirrels in their peripheral vision, our subjects adapted to their new curvaceous bodies with remarkable ease," said lead researcher Amy Velting, adding that many of the dogs even seemed to become more confident with the breasts, oftentimes flaunting them out on walks or shimmying them flirtatiously to hip hop music. "Granted, we did observe some balance issues with smaller breeds who were given D-Cups or greater, but once we equipped them with properly fitted bras that gave them the support they needed, they stopped toppling over and quickly adjusted to their voluptuousness." . "At this time, we can say with utmost confidence that there is no medical reason to avoid giving your dog breast implants if that's something that you and your dog want." . We "ll keep that in mind!. Kudos to the Stanford researchers for making this groundbreaking discovery. Whether you're interested in getting your dog a beautiful new pair of breasts or not, you've got to admit it's nice to know it's not gonna cause any weird problems. Science FTW!,    It's always heartwarming to see celebrities use their influence for philanthropic purposes, and here's a story about one A-list actor going above and beyond to raise awareness for an under-supported cause: Benicio del Toro has created a new foundation to educate the ladies that there is only so much Benicio to go around.. Awesome! Now THIS is how you use your platform for good.. Earlier today, the . Sicario.  star announced the launch of a new non-profit called the One At A Time, Please foundation, which aims to educate women around the world about how there is simply not enough time in the day for Benicio to share his love with all of them, no matter how much he wishes he could please each and every lady on God's green earth. The organization is funded entirely by del Toro himself, who's using his fortune to jump-start community initiatives that give women the knowledge and resources they need to understand that they must not be greedy with Benicio's love and that he must be shared, as well as to teach them healthy strategies for biding their time while waiting their turn for Benicio's kiss. . "Ladies, you must understand, Benicio can only make so much love on a given night," said del Toro in a press release announcing the new foundation. "My loins burn for you just as yours burn for me, yet I am only one man, with only one cock, and there are limits to my lovemaking. I have created this foundation to inform all the beautiful, sexy ladies of this world that Benicio cannot have intimacy with all of them at all times, and that they must not be jealous or heartbroken when he brings other women to his bed, for they have waited for his love. Be patient, my darlings, and know that Benicio has more than enough love for everyone. But you must wait.". "Someday, your time will come," he continued. "And when it does, Benicio will love you wildly and wholly, with fierceness and tenderness beyond your dreams, and when you feel the pleasures of my lovemaking, you will forget having ever waited to know my bed. I am Benicio, and this is my vow: One day, you shall know me in my nakedness, and you shall cry out with the passion of 1,000 suns once you feel my touch."  . Wow. What an incredibly generous soul!. The rest of Hollywood should take note, because this is an amazing example of how to use your fame and fortune to make the world a better place. Ladies, you have truly found an ally in Benicio del Toro!,    As you build a career, the constant allure of money and status can make it easy to lose sight of the reasons you entered the line of work in the first place. It's a dangerous trap, and one tech CEO appears to be taking drastic action to avoid falling into it: Mark Zuckerberg is stepping down from Facebook to refocus on his passion for helping Harvard students connect online. . Wow! What an admirable move from one of the most powerful businessmen on the planet. . In a press release that sent shockwaves throughout Silicon Valley earlier today, Zuckerberg announced that he is resigning from his post as Facebook, Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer in order to pursue his company's initial core mission of building a platform to help Harvard students get to know each other through the internet. Taking several of Facebook's top engineers and billions of dollars in equity with him, Zuckerberg is aiming to use his vast resources to engineer a Harvard-centric web directory to make it easier for students to navigate the awkward social dynamics of university life and form friendships with like-minded individuals. . "Building Facebook into one of the most successful companies in the world has been an incredible experience, but it's time for me to refocus on what matters most to me, which is a digital student directory for Harvard undergrads--called HarvardMeet.com or something along those lines--to help them learn each other's birthdays, hometowns, and favorite TV shows," said Zuckerberg in a statement announcing his resignation. "In retrospect, letting people who weren't Harvard students sign up for Facebook was a terrible mistake. It was a decision based on greed and hollow ambition, and it ultimately caused me to lose sight of why I originally started this platform. Now, I'm ready to center my energy and resources on developing an online portal where students at my alma mater can create personal profiles, upload photos, and rank one another by attractiveness.". "Having billions of dollars is admittedly nice, but no amount of money can buy the peace of mind that comes with providing Harvard students with a digital hub to congregate and share memes that are relevant to the campus community," he continued.. Wow. Good for you, Mark!. It couldn't have been easy for Zuckerberg to step away from one of the richest companies in history to follow his convictions, and you have to respect him for taking such a bold leap. And while restarting from scratch certainly won't be a cakewalk, it'll undoubtedly be worth it. Best of luck, Mark!,    In recent years, the skincare market has been growing at breakneck speeds as Americans have become increasingly concerned with self-care, wellness routines, and leading healthier lifestyles. While some brands have struggled to keep up with demand for specialized products that meet specific needs, one beauty company appears more than ready to usher consumers into a new generation of skincare: Aveeno has released a line of moisturizers specifically for the seven different types of skin that your genitals consist of.. Awesome! It's about time someone developed specific treatments for the bewildering hodge-podge of skin types that are found in the groin area. . Earlier this week, Aveeno unveiled its new Down There line of products, with seven unique lotions designed to replenish and restore the fleshy pandemonium that is the human crotch, providing targeted treatment for the chaotic clusterfuck of skin textures that exist in and around the groin. Though a person's skin is technically considered one single organ, Aveeno is betting big on consumers realizing that the lotion one uses for, say, the normal-looking skin on their torsos is not sufficient for addressing the myriad needs of the bafflingly piecemeal flesh that makes up one's genitals, whether it's the smooth, reddish skin of the penis tip, the wacky dermal topography of the vagina, or the shriveled, leathery quagmire that is the scrotum. The new moisturizer varieties are each marketed according to the type of skin they're meant to treat, with names such as Veins & Wrinkles, Has Very Fine Hairs On It, Inexplicably Paler Than The Rest Of Your Skin, Long-Lasting Labia Defense, Chafe Zone, Sensitive Shaft, and Bumpy & Stretchy.. "After years of researching genital skin and all its anomalies--like, how flesh that's only a few centimeters apart can be entirely different colors, or go from being totally smooth to being riddled with tiny bumps, or how some parts of the skin looks like it belongs on a 95-year-old while other parts look like it could be on a baby--Aveeno has developed the first-ever moisturizing regimen designed specifically for the utter pandemonium of one's nether regions," said the company in a statement. "Until now, consumers have had no choice but to use standard body moisturizers to renourish the cushiony flesh directly above the penis or vagina, or the very edge of their thighs right next to the pubes that still grow pubes for some reason, but not anymore. The Aveeno Down There line has a moisturizer for every type of groin skin, whether the translucent-when-stretched skin of the scrotum, the rubbery little ring of flesh that separates the shaft from the penis, or any other kind of skin you might encounter below the waist.". "Simply put, if you point to anywhere on or around the genitals--whether it's bits of skin that look like they fell off and got chewed up by a dog before getting poorly glued back on, testicle skin that got a little nicked up because you're still shaving with the same $20 electric trimmer you bought in high school, or literally anything in the vicinity of the vagina lips--Aveeno has you covered," the statement continued. . So cool!. These new lotions are sure to be a total game-changer for anyone who's either been putting standard body lotion on their junk every now and then when it feels kind of dry or has basically just been ignoring their groin skincare-wise this whole time, and it's only a matter of time before other skincare brands start releasing genital skin moisturizers of their own. Well done, Aveeno!,    We all love Dad, but it's no secret that he can be a bit of a handful at times and drive everyone crazy with his antics. And unfortunately, today is one of those days where he's really testing the family's patience: Dad's snuggling in his crate with a gross flip flop that doesn't belong to anyone in the house, and he refuses to give it up.. Ugh, C'mon, Dad. No one's got the energy for this right now.. Moments ago, Dad marched triumphantly into the house holding up a random flip flop that definitely doesn't belong to anyone in the family, raising it proudly over his head as if it were a priceless treasure rather than a stray piece of trash he found outside somewhere. Since it's a child's Spider-Man flip flop, Mom's current theory is that Dad must have picked it up from the neighbor's yard when we let him outside to burn some energy earlier, but it's equally possible that he just found it while digging through a stranger's garbage. The flip flop is covered in dirt but that hardly matters to Dad, who's gleefully slobbering all over it and basically ruining his khaki pants in the process.. We know you love the flip flop, but it's not yours, Dad!. Mom's now trying to wrestle the flip flop out of Dad's mouth, but Dad's growling like crazy and shaking his head back and forth as she yells at him to let go of it. Dad just tried running out of his cage to get away, but Mom grabbed hold of him by the Jerry Garcia tie we got him for Father's Day and successfully wrangled the sandal from his grasp. However, Dad immediately started whimpering at the loss of his new chew toy, so Mom had to turn on TNT to get him to stop crying. Luckily, his favorite movie, . The Hunt For Red October. , was on, which made him so excited that he quickly ran three circles around the living room then immediately fell asleep.. Unfortunately, the flip flop is now totally covered in bite marks and drool, so Mom will have to clean it off before she tries to return it to the neighbor's, but that's just what happens when you leave a flip flop somewhere in Dad's sight! Besides, you gotta admit that even though this whole ordeal was kind of annoying, seeing Dad so happy with the flip flop was pretty dang cute, too.,    Generally speaking, dads are deeply insecure individuals who desperately want to appear more impressive than they really are. But when they encounter someone who's . actually.  impressive, such as Spider-Man, it makes them feel inferior, and they resort to making bitchy comments about them to soothe their fragile egos. How inferior does Spider-Man make YOUR dad feel? Take this quiz to find out!, Dire Milestone: Rising Arctic Temperatures Will Soon Unfreeze A Fun-Loving Caveman Whose Antics Will Only Further Exacerbate Climate Change. Powerful Act Of Mercy: When This Pediatrician Looked Into A Child's Ear And Found A Tiny Family Of Polite, Well-Dressed Ants Begging Him Not To Tell Anyone, He Looked The Other Way. Devastating: This Man Just Realized He Scheduled His Own Wedding On The Day He Was Supposed To Perform Amateur Penis Enlargement Surgery On His Father. We Didn't Want To Have To Start Stretching The Definition Of  "Celebrity " For This  "8 Celebrities Who Have Killed People " List, So We Made A Few Of The Stories Up. Normalizing All Families:  "Sesame Street " Just Aired A Whole Episode For Kids Whose Dads Feel Emasculated By Elmo. Get Paid What you're Worth! Use This Expertly Crafted Fill-In-The-Blank Letter To Negotiate A Higher Salary With Your Superior. Hard Work Pays Off: This Guy Who Started Smoking When He Was 12 Is Now Super Good At Smoking.       After throwing back a couple cold ones, sometimes nothing sounds better than a big, greasy bag of fast food, and it looks like one major burger chain is angling to become America's go-to destination for satisfying tipsy cravings: Burger King just tweeted that while it's bad to drink and drive, that shouldn't stop you from getting a Whopper if you're buzzed and you want one.. Sounds good, Burger King!. Burger King took to Twitter earlier this morning to let everyone know it's cool with them if you want to quickly hit up their drive-thru when you're a little drunk. Check out the tweets below:. Roger that, Burger King! Thank you for providing a judgement-free zone for folks craving a greasy pick-me-up after a bit of boozin ". While we can't say we condone it, we appreciate you taking a stand for all those mildly drunk individuals who just need some onion rings and maybe a spicy chicken sandwich or two to preempt a hangover.,    Our lawmakers have long struggled to meaningfully address the ongoing gun violence crisis in the U.S., and while political divisions will likely impede any substantial reforms for the foreseeable future, it at least appears that some modest action is being taken in the meantime: Legislators are now urging families to designate a survivor on trips to the grocery store.. Yes! This is definitely a good start. . In a statement released earlier today, a bipartisan group of lawmakers announced a non-binding resolution calling for a nationwide adoption of a new gun safety measure in which all American families would designate one person to stay home during trips to grocery stores, malls, and restaurants in order to protect themselves and their bloodline from the frequent mass shootings that plague the U.S. . "It is crucial for the wellbeing of this country to enact common-sense gun safety measures like this one so that when our loved ones get massacred by a mentally ill gunman while shopping at Walmart or attending grade school, there will at least be one surviving family member to carry on in their stead," said California Rep. Mike Thompson, who leads the congressional task force on gun violence prevention, in the statement. "Tragically, it's all too likely that an assault rifle might end up in the hands of someone who wants to use it to shoot up a Whole Foods, but, as you hide for your life in the cereal aisle, you can take comfort knowing that you'll have a family member who's still alive to make your funeral arrangements and mourn the preventable loss of life that so many thousands of Americans are devastated by each year.". "As your congressional leaders, we're working tirelessly to enact robust legislation to ensure that the seemingly daily mass shootings in this country at the very least come with some sort of silver lining," he continued before going on to concede that any real efforts they make to address the crisis will undoubtedly stall in the Senate. "It is also abundantly clear that there is a dire need for universal background checks in the U.S. to keep weapons out of the hands of those who shouldn't have them, but since that won't happen either, we'd advise for now that you just keep a designated family member at home when you go grocery shopping.". Thompson concluded by stating that it's probably best to leave someone at home during all family vacations, trips to the movies, concerts, weddings, baptisms, doctors appointments, birthday parties, graduations, and sporting events as well, just to be safe. . This is definitely some encouraging progress in the effort to combat one of the most deadly threats facing the American people. And while it's certainly not as comprehensive of a measure as some gun violence prevention advocates would prefer, it will hopefully nonetheless save at least a life or two whenever a gunman with an AR-15 takes the lives of many, many others.,    There are few things more heartbreaking than seeing a child hooked up to IVs and a ventilator, unless, that is, the child isn't actually suffering, which thankfully is the case for one little boy in Houston, TX: This kid is only bald and hooked up to a bunch of tubes for fun. . Phew! So glad to hear he's okay!. At first glance, the sight of nine-year-old Theodore Danielson and all of the medical equipment he's connected to is a sobering reminder of our mortality and the cruelty of life, but look a little closer and you'll see that he is perfectly healthy. In fact, Theodore just thinks having breathing tubes shoved up one's nose looks awesome, and after several consecutive Christmases where the only thing on his wish list was "I want to look sick," his parents finally caved and bought him some wires at Home Depot that he could use to pretend he had some kind of terminal disease. . While Theodore's baldness certainly looks like it'd be the result of chemotherapy, and his pale, gaunt skin suggests he's fighting through something terrible, he really just makes his mom shave his head and apply white face makeup each day to make him look ghastly so he can play a game called "kidney failure" that entails writhing pitifully on the floor and taking frequent urine samples while occasionally pausing to go make modifications to his will. And although Theordore might tell you that he's suffering from a range of diseases, be it leukemia, tuberculosis, or malaria, his parents confirm he's got a perfect bill of health and is merely going through a phase. . Fair enough!. Given Theodore's deeply upsetting and sickly appearance, this story could've been a real buzzkill, but thankfully that's not the case. And while we're relieved to know that there isn't actually anything wrong with Theodore, we can also take some comfort knowing that, if he ever . does . become gravely ill, he will absolutely knock it out of the park. ,
    Some people are just born to rule, and this story is proof that everyday people truly can have blue blood running through their veins: Mom just walked into Chipotle and said "rice plate" to the first employee she saw, and she refuses to answer any further questions.. Damn! The queen is here, and you'd better do her bidding.. Mom may just be some middle-aged lady from Michigan, but she might as well assume the throne given the way she's acting right now in Chipotle, where she has just insisted on receiving a "rice plate" (not a real menu item) while refusing to give any of the instructions necessary to create it. When Mom first strode into the restaurant today after a busy morning of running two errands, she wasted no time calling out "rice plate" to the 17-year-old girl behind the counter while it was still nowhere near her turn. When the young woman asked "white or brown" in order to get Mom's rice preference, Mom only shook her head emphatically and repeated "Plate" while simultaneously pointing at the barbacoa and yelling "What is that?!" The employee was then left to parse out Mom's request while Mom just stood there tapping at her phone, evidently trying to read an absolutely non-urgent text from Dad about the roof.. Get this woman a rice plate, ASAP, or it's going to be off with your head!. Mom has been to Chipotle before, and so she should definitely know that she is required to pick a meat and then various toppings, but she clearly does not have time for such trifling matters and is instead looking off to the side and stoically repeating "I Don't want any sauce" while the girl behind the counter fruitlessly tries to figure out if there should be fajita veggies on her bowl or not. Totally unmoved by the fact that she is holding up the entire line, Her Royal Highness even addressed her fellow patrons directly, telling both them and the Chipotle employees, "I can't have any of that, it hurts my stomach" without any indication whatsoever of what food item she is referring to. Right now, she has three different workers presiding over her plain bowl of rice and black beans and is no closer to letting them know how to finish it off. But it seems like that's just how the Queen wants it, and what the Queen wants, she gets!. Mom is truly wielding her royal power in Chipotle today, and she's got everybody under her spell. After 65 years, we suppose it's fair to say she earned the title. Bow down, Chipotle, for you are in the presence of Mom!, We Didn't Want To Have To Start Stretching The Definition Of  "Celebrity " For This  "8 Celebrities Who Have Killed People " List, So We Made A Few Of The Stories Up. Normalizing All Families:  "Sesame Street " Just Aired A Whole Episode For Kids Whose Dads Feel Emasculated By Elmo. Get Paid What you're Worth! Use This Expertly Crafted Fill-In-The-Blank Letter To Negotiate A Higher Salary With Your Superior. Hard Work Pays Off: This Guy Who Started Smoking When He Was 12 Is Now Super Good At Smoking. ClickHole Needs Cash: 10 Incredible Weapon Ideas We Came Up With In Hopes Of Winning A Lucrative Defense Contract From The U.S. Government. Desperate For Attention: The Last Time You Saw This Frog It Was Wearing An Eyepatch On Its Other Eye. The Perils Of Climate Change: All The Bison In Yellowstone National Park Are Now Backwards.       Oof. If you thought you were having a rough day, just be thankful you aren't Miles Teller's publicist, because they're currently stuck dealing with a PR nightmare from Hell: Miles Teller just had to solemnly tour the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum after making fun of hot air balloons. . Yikes. This is a good first step to atone for his comments, but he's still got a long way to go before he bounces back from this one. . The unfortunate saga began earlier this week, when Miles Teller tweeted out a series of insensitive jokes about hot air balloons:. "@miles_teller: Whoever invented hot air balloons was like  "let's make a blimp but worse. " Can't think of a dumber way to fly.". "@miles_teller: There aren't even chairs to sit on in a hot air balloon. You literally have to stand in a basket for hours on end. A basket with a max speed of 2mph. So fucking stupid lmao". "@miles_teller: Like, surely these guys have heard of planes. Not sure how you can see a plane and be like,  "Nah, I'd rather fly in a slow-moving dipshit balloon that's LITERALLY CONTROLLED BY FIRE and could be taken down by a fucking slingshot. " smdh ...". The comments were swiftly met with backlash, and while Teller deleted the tweets shortly after posting them, the damage had already been done, as thousands of users had taken screenshots of the posts and spread them widely across the Internet. From there, it wasn't long before Teller was forced to tweet out a mea culpa acknowledging the harm that his ignorant comments towards hot air balloons had caused. He also revealed in his apology that he'd been contacted by the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum, who explained why his remarks were so hurtful and offered him a private tour of their hot air balloon exhibit to educate him on the aircrafts he'd so recklessly used his platform to disparage, which Teller accepted. . Then, just a day later, the . Whiplash.  actor was photographed dressed in all black at the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum, nodding his head in deep personal reflection as he listened to a tour guide describe the rich history of hot air balloons and their significant role in the development of air travel. As the tour ended, he took the tour guide's hand in his hand and deeply thanked them for enlightening him on this fascinating type of aircraft, pledging to use his influence to advocate for hot air balloons moving forward. Teller went on to release a statement that same afternoon announcing he'd be donating $50,000 across various organizations that promote hot air balloon research and awareness. . Wow. Teller's P.R. reps deserve a major raise after scrambling to put out this fire! . Only time will tell whether this apology tour will make up for his ignorant hot air balloon remarks, but there's no denying that Teller is handling this scandal as thoughtfully and respectfully as he can. Next time, you'd better think a little more before you tweet, Miles!,    The Salem witch trials remain one of the most notorious moral panics in U.S. history, their bloody legacy now serving as a cautionary tale for due process and wrongful accusations. But while it's undeniably a positive thing that we no longer wantonly execute old women who exhibit vaguely witch-like traits in America, it'd be a mistake to let our guard down altogether, yet unfortunately it appears that's exactly what has happened: Police in the U.S. haven't caught a witch in over 300 years. . Wow. This is clearly a dangerous overcorrection.. According to a recent ProPublica report, the last time a witch was successfully caught and executed was 1693--that's right, 328 years ago. Since then, there's not been a single official record of a witch being taken into custody anywhere throughout the United States, let alone executed for their crimes against God and their devotion to carrying out Satan's will. Data suggests that public stigma has deterred local and federal law enforcement from pursuing witchcraft practitioners, with fewer than three percent of U.S. police departments allocating any budget whatsoever to defending citizens against the demonic behaviors and heresies of witches. While it's certainly good that our legal system has embraced due process to protect the falsely accused, this unintended consequence has left Americans totally vulnerable to dark magic carried out in service of pleasing the Devil. . "One major fallout of the Salem witch trials is that U.S. police have entirely deprioritized witches," said the ProPublica report. "No police department wants to be the first in over three centuries to wrongfully detain a witch, so they've avoided the issue entirely. Unfortunately, because no witches have been caught since 1693, we have zero data on witch-related crimes, or how many may have gotten away with child-stealing, performing love charms, casting spirits of madness unto livestock, or rendering innocent virgins deaf as a result of lax anti-witchcraft policies." . Absolutely disturbing. How are our communities supposed to feel safe with the police turning a blind eye to witchcraft?  . Equally unsettling is the fact that very little, if anything, is being done in terms of witchcraft prevention in communities around the country. It'd be one thing if police, in lieu of actually arresting and prosecuting witches, were at the very least enacting common-sense anti-witchcraft measures such as hanging thistle-twigs over doorways, burying eggshells to keep witches from using them as boats to travel to different realms, or immediately killing and burning any mature cows who do not give milk in plenty. But, troublingly, hardly any police departments are taking even the most basic, no-brainer precautions such performing exorcisms on mute children or touching crucifixes to crooked-nosed wretches to see if they burst into flames, leaving the American people alarmingly susceptible to spells and curses of all kinds. . The implications here are unsettling, to say the least. It is possible, if not probable, that Satan Himself may be corrupting hundreds of new women every day, tempting them into lives of blasphemy and promiscuity in exchange for signing away their souls in His Ledger, without any fear of police reprisal. To see an animal in the woods and know it very well could be a witch who has shifted shapes, or the conjured spirit of an occultist's familiar, is downright harrowing. No American should have to worry that a demonic apparition of a neighbor might appear in their home to turn their baby into a rat using sorcery. . On the one hand, it's undoubtedly good that we've instituted due process since the events of Salem. On the other hand, the idea that demonic hags are flying through the air at night, enacting the Devil's work, and having orgies deep in the forest around a bonfire, totally unchecked by the law, should terrify all Americans. What do you think? Should police start cracking down on witchcraft again? Let us know in the comments.,    Truly great actors are willing to do whatever it takes to disappear completely into their roles, and here's a story about a performer whose extraordinary commitment to her craft is sure to make her a community theater legend: Mom got absolutely shredded to play one of the nuns in a local stage production of "The Sound Of Music.". Wow! Who knew she had it in her?!?. Last month, Mom received an email informing her that after a grueling two-callback process, she had been cast as one of the singing nuns in the Madison Area Community Theater production of "The Sound Of Music," and in an effort to fully inhabit the part, she immediately embarked on a bodybuilding regimen so punishing she is now barely recognizable as the Mom we all know. When rehearsals began, Mom resolved to lose 40 pounds of fat and put on 50 pounds of pure muscle mass in order to "do the role of Sister Margaretta justice," rising at 4:30 each morning to weight train for three hours before guzzling down a breakfast of six raw eggs and jetting off to rehearsal at the local high school auditorium. During her cutting phase, Mom forewent all carbs, even when Aunt Ellen brought over her famous pound cake, and soon the excess fat starting melting off, revealing the twitching, muscle-bound frame Mom said she needed in order to "become" one of the nuns of Nonnberg Abbey. Between her nonstop hex bar squats and diligent creatine supplementation, Mom has turned her average post-menopausal physique into a terrifying, rock-hard body that her director (Mrs. Holliday from down the street) called "a potential distraction.". Earlier this week, the cast began running rehearsals in costume, and despite the baggy, form-concealing fit of Mom's nun's habit, you can still clearly see her enormous delts twitching underneath. And though her full six-pack is not visible while she and her fellow nuns sing "Maria" at the start of the show, an impressive network of huge pipe-like veins bulges alarmingly from her neck and forehead thanks to her obsessive efforts to cut her body fat to zero and replace it with a pro wrestler-like musculature. It wasn't easy for Mom to eat pounds of boiled chicken and vegetables a day for weeks or to put in three-a-day workouts with her lifting coach Alonzo in the basement, but now that she's on stage stealing scenes from the several other middle-aged women playing her fellow nuns, it's clear her hard work paid off.. Damn! Mom is truly establishing herself as one of the preeminent method actors of her time!. The hard-earned transformation Mom made for this role is really something to admire. We never thought she would strength train at all, let alone dangerously dehydrate herself in a sauna so that her muscles would pop for her scenes in "The Sound Of Music," but she's done it, and we're proud AF. Go Mom! You deserve a Tony!,    While Donald Trump may no longer be president, the events that unfolded when he was in office continue to leave a parade of damage in their wake, including a recent report that President Trump's teenage son, Barron, still thinks Kathy Griffin beheaded his father in 2017 and screams in terror every time he sees him.. Oof. you've gotta feel for the poor kid. This is a terrible way to live!. Insiders with access to the Trump family have confirmed that every time Donald Trump walks into a room with Barron, Barron points at him and screams, "you're supposed to be dead, old man! Stay away from me!" before running for a place to hide. The sources say that when Barron first saw the picture of Kathy Griffin holding a mask made up to look like the former president's severed head, he nodded to himself and said, "Kathy Griffin has ripped off my old man's head. I will not see Donald Trump ever again.". The next time Barron saw his father was three months later when President Trump passed Barron in the White House hallway. Upon seeing his father, Barron reportedly went white as a sheet and shrieked, "How are you here? you're dead! My favorite comedian Kathy Griffin cut your head off and held it aloft in triumph! She ripped your eyes out of your lifeless skull! Don't you dare haunt me!" He then sprayed President Trump with pepper spray and hid in the closet.. This is just so sad. No boy should have to think his own father is a malevolent spirit who has returned from beyond the grave!. According to reports, over the past year, Barron's fear of his father has only grown worse. Whenever he sees his father he continues to shriek with fear and finds the fastest way out of the room. Last week Donald Trump walked up to Barron and said, "Hello, Barron," and Barron screamed, "Float back up to Heaven, dead boy!" and leapt through a second-story window.. This is just devastating. Sources familiar with the situation say that many people have tried to reassure Barron that his father is actually alive, but unfortunately the boy simply refuses to believe that the realistic Instagram photo of Kathy Griffin holding the ex-Commander-in-Chief's severed head isn't genuine. It's heartbreaking how much trauma this photo continues to inflict on Barron--here's hoping someone is able to convince him the image isn't real sooner than later!,    It's no secret that older people take to the wedding dance floor the very second they get the chance, but some guests at this wedding in Alexandria, VA seem to be really, really jumping the gun: Three couples in their 60s are already on the dance floor at this wedding even though no music is playing and the best man is still making his speech.. Relax, people. you're gonna get to dance. Just give it some time.. From the moment George and Maria Hernandez's wedding reception began, it was clear that a few of the guests were getting pretty antsy to hit the dance floor, as several older couples from both the bride and groom's families were seen tapping their toes throughout the entire meal. As soon as these couples finished eating, the men loosened their ties and the women kicked off their heels, and they then hopped up and started doing that move where they hold hands and just sort of tug alternatively on each other's arms despite the fact that George's brother had only just begun his best man speech and the DJ was away from his turntables getting food at the buffet. . Although no music has been playing whatsoever, the couples--tipsy on vodka cranberries and Michelob ULTRA--appear totally unfazed, and one uncle even seems to be mouthing the lyrics to "Boogie Shoes" while he and his wife flail their arms and shuffle side-to-side, completely ignoring the moving story George's brother is telling about how he always wanted to be just like George growing up. Worse still, the couples have now started doing the Macarena, even though there are at least two hours left until the DJ will play that song, and at least 15 minutes left until the DJ plays any song. . C'mon, guys. Sure, there aren't many places a 60-year-old can go out dancing, but just try to control yourselves a little while longer. Yes, dancing is fun, but that doesn't mean that the newlyweds should have to do their first dance while friends of their parents that they barely know clumsily do the Cha-Cha Slide right next to them. . Seriously, hold your horses, old timers. . Though the couples " behavior is definitely annoying, it's still somehow preferable to that of the people in their 80's who will spend the entire night seated at their table while looking absolutely miserable and complaining about how the venue's air conditioning is too cold. Here's hoping that all of these obnoxious guests will at least each gift the newlyweds a sizable check to make up for their out-of-control behavior.,
 Normalizing All Families:  "Sesame Street " Just Aired A Whole Episode For Kids Whose Dads Feel Emasculated By Elmo. Get Paid What you're Worth! Use This Expertly Crafted Fill-In-The-Blank Letter To Negotiate A Higher Salary With Your Superior. Hard Work Pays Off: This Guy Who Started Smoking When He Was 12 Is Now Super Good At Smoking. ClickHole Needs Cash: 10 Incredible Weapon Ideas We Came Up With In Hopes Of Winning A Lucrative Defense Contract From The U.S. Government. Desperate For Attention: The Last Time You Saw This Frog It Was Wearing An Eyepatch On Its Other Eye. The Perils Of Climate Change: All The Bison In Yellowstone National Park Are Now Backwards. Kind Of Cool In A Different Way: This Couple That Pulled Up Their Carpets Hoping To Find Hardwood Found Wee Man Instead.       Climate change's devastating impact on our ecosystem is growing apparent every year, and if this story is any indication of what unchecked global warming has in store for our planet, then we should be absolutely horrified: All the bison in Yellowstone National Park are now backwards. . Just awful. What a sobering glimpse into the new reality mankind has wrought with its reckless disregard for the environment.. In recent years, researchers have documented countless alarming examples of animal populations struggling to adapt to ecosystems ravaged by greenhouse gas emissions, but this troubling new backwards bison phenomenon might be the most grim portent to date. According to Yellowstone officials, the park's nearly 5,000 bison began showing small signs of turning backwards all the way back in 2011, but the problem has escalated at a terrifying pace in the years since, with over 98 percent of the park's herd now facing 180 degrees in the totally wrong direction, a change that climate scientists fear may be irreversible. And as symptoms of global warming continue to intensify, the fallout from the backwards bison could potentially trigger far greater devastation on the park's sensitive ecosystem as a whole.. "By our estimates, it would take at least 2,000 years for the bison to naturally face forwards again, and that's if we halted all forms of manmade greenhouse gas emissions starting today," said John DiBattista, a biologist who monitors wildlife populations for the National Park Service. "After centuries of grazing on pastures to their right, these pastures are now on the bison's left--the total opposite side of their evolutionary training, leaving these herds confused and vulnerable to starvation and predators. What this means for Yellowstone's broader ecosystem remains to be seen, but at the current rate of climate shift, it's very possible that every animal species in the park could be facing the wrong direction in less than 50 years. And if that doesn't scare you, consider that the problems these bison are facing now will eventually impact humans--children born facing right today will grow up in a world that increasingly forces them to face left, obliterating life as we've known it for all of human history.". Absolutely terrifying. How did we let things get this bad?. Anyone who remains even remotely skeptical about climate change just needs to look at photos of Yellowstone bison just 10 years apart, as there's no way you can see the contrast of the normal-direction-facing bison from 2011 with the backwards-facing bison of today and not be scared shitless.  It is categorically undeniable that our planet is hurtling towards a hellishly backwards climate apocalypse, and way faster than we thought. And the saddest part of this story is that these bison are just a small harbinger of what's to come. Whether we like it or not, we will reap what we have sowed.,    Look, when we set out to make this, we assumed there "d be enough big-name celebs who had killed people to fill out a list, but turns out there's just not that much material to work with. So instead of stretching the definition of "celebrity" to include D-list nobodies that people Don't care about, we decided to take some liberties and fudge the facts on a few of these stories to make it a satisfying read. . In 1987, A-list actor Matthew Broderick drove the wrong way down a street in Ireland, causing an accident that left two people--a mother and daughter--dead. While he was initially slapped with serious charges that could've resulted in a five-year prison sentence, he was eventually let off on a much lighter careless driving charge and ordered to pay a $100 fine.. Another celeb whose reckless driving led to fatal consequences is none other than reality TV star and Olympic champion Caitlyn Jenner, who left a woman dead in 2015 after causing a multi-vehicle collision on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California.. Jolie once served a tainted casserole at a pool party she hosted, leaving 11 people dead. The . Tomb Raider . star has adamantly maintained that she is guilty of no wrongdoing, often claiming without evidence that Hellman's mayonnaise is fully responsible, and she frequently promotes the hashtag #hellmansmurders on social media despite numerous cease and desist orders from the brand.. The Oscar-winning writer and director has long been candid about his experiences as an infantryman in the Vietnam War, including a 1968 incident in which he killed an enemy combatant with a grenade, earning him a Bronze Star for valor in combat. . While an argument can be made that Obama was indirectly responsible for many deaths through his policies and decisions as Commander-in-Chief, we're including him on this list because of the time he intentionally ran into a jogger while riding a bicycle he had modified to be deadly, shouting "I'm the boss! I can do what I want!" as he rode off from the scene, leaving a mangled, unresponsive victim in his wake. . In 2012, actor Ryan Reynolds beat a minor league baseball mascot to death with a large wooden club, later claiming to police that he did so in order to prepare for his role in the animated family comedy . The Croods. , even though there is nothing in the movie where a character fatally bludgeons an anthropomorphic corncob at a baseball game. Still, prosecutors took his testimony at face value and declined to seek charges, and Reynolds continues to enjoy a life of wealth and fame as a free man. . That Taliban guy who shot her? She shot him back. Seventy-eight times, to be exact. . In 2017, tennis star Venus Williams was involved in a violent car collision in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida that left a 78-year-old man dead. While police originally stated that she was at fault for the accident, she was ultimately cleared of any wrongdoing.,    Sesame Street.  has an amazing decades-long history of using its characters and storylines to address difficult topics in a way that children can understand, yet the show might've just outdone itself with a groundbreaking new episode that celebrates diversity and inclusion in a truly beautiful way: . Sesame Street.  just aired a whole episode for kids whose dads feel emasculated by Elmo.. Yes! This is so important for children to see.. The new instant-classic episode, which debuted on HBOMax earlier this week, explores themes of shame, self-esteem, and masculinity as it follows a little girl named Maisie whose father is depressed because he will never be as strong and virile as Elmo. At the start of the episode, Maisie stands on Sesame Street pleading with her father to come out from behind a trash can, where he is hiding and sobbing because he's too embarrassed to be seen anywhere near a puppet as cool and with as strong of a grasp on the alphabet as Elmo. . "I'm embarrassed because I'm not as awesome as Elmo--he's got so much more body hair than me, he has an incredible crayon collection, and he refers to himself in third person in a way that just oozes swagger," Maisie's dad laments, adding that he could never muster the confidence to walk around in public without a shirt or pants like a total stud like Elmo does. "It's no wonder he has beautiful, famous women like Katy Perry showing up at his house just to sing songs with him. He's a real man, unlike me. I'm a disgrace." . But then, just as Maisie starts to cry, thinking she is the only kid in the world whose dad is threatened by the huge-eyed Muppet, Big Bird appears and sings a heartwarming song about dads like Maisie's, with uplifting lyrics like, "Elmo makes many dads insecure / With his screams so virile, his counting so assured / It's totally natural if your dad starts to cry / Whenever he sees this loud red guy!". This is amazing. Many kids whose dads feel emasculated by Elmo are going to see themselves reflected on TV for the first time thanks to this episode!. The episode also featured a poignant segment with Elmo himself. In it, Maisie's dad trembles as he goes to shake Elmo's hand, and Elmo, seeing that he's intimidated, instantly makes Maisie feel better about her dad's pitiful behavior. "Elmo never steal anyone's wife, but some men afraid Elmo could if Elmo wanted to," Elmo explains to Maisie as her father looks on in awe. "It perfectly normal fear--Elmo very macho and strong, plus Elmo friends with Blake Lively!" . As Maisie begins to smile, finally feeling less alone, Grover, Oscar the Grouch and the Count appear to lovingly pat Maisie's dad on the head while he trembles nervously in the corner, googling "Be more like Elmo HOW" on his phone. Then, in the show's final segment, we learn that the episode is presented by the letter T for "testosterone," a hormone that Maisie's dad suspects Elmo has much more of than he does--and though he is absolutely correct, Grover assures him that this isn't anything to be ashamed of. The episode then ends on a heartwarming note as Elmo lets Maisie's dad win in an arm wrestling contest, at which point Maisie's dad smiles for the first time all episode and lifts her in the air, yelling, "I did it! I proved I am a cool, tough man just like Elmo!". So sweet!. What an incredible half hour of TV. This important episode is going to do so much for kids in situations like Maisie's, who may feel as though they have no support and no one who understands them just because their fathers are having self-esteem issues due to obsessively comparing themselves to Elmo. Our hats are off to . Sesame Street . for nailing it once again!,    Do you love your job, but feel like it's time for a raise? It's normal to feel awkward about asking for more money, and we're here to help. We consulted dozens of professional career coaches and business experts in order to craft the perfect negotiation letter that will win you a higher salary every time. Just fill in the blanks, and let this time-tested, incredibly effective template do the work for you. Let's get this bread!,     , She's Going Through Something Too: 5 Things To Keep In Mind After Your Teenage Daughter Calls You A Cunt And Mows You Down With Her Bird Scooter. Top That: The Person In Front Of You At The Wake Just Kissed The Body. Incredibly Gifted: This 8th Grader Is So Horny His Teachers Let Him Take Sex Ed At The High School Level. Remote Work FTW: Logitech Has Released A Wireless Mouse That Works From 900 Miles Away. Lose-Lose: This Man Can't Tell If It'd Be More Depressing To Hang Up Posters He's Had Since Early College Or Just Leave His Apartment Walls Empty. Time Comes For Us All: This Woman's Now At The Age Where She Calls All Of Her Female Friends Her  "Girlfriends " For Some Reason. 7 Ailments That Lou Gehrig Tried To Dub  "Lou Gehrig's Disease " Before He Finally Got It To Stick.    A Piece Of History: The Riding Mower That Whoopi Goldberg, John Denver, and Dobby Used To Escape New York After The 9/11 Attacks Is Coming To The Smithsonian. Heartbreaking: This Overweight Boy Is Too Self-Conscious To Take His Shirt Off At A Masked Orgy. Exploring Other Cultures: This Woman Pressed Some Keys Incorrectly And Made What Seems To Be The Letter  "W " In Greek Or Russian Appear. We Know It Ain't Much, But We'd Be Much Obliged If you'd Accept These Meager Few Pictures Of Centaur Shailene Woodley.  "Talk Smack With Your Friends Instead ": This Amazing New Anti-Bullying Campaign Reminds Kids That Talking Shit Behind Someone's Back Is A Safe And Effective Alternative To Bullying. Not So Impressive Anymore: Archeologists Have Discovered That The Sphinx Was Supposed To Be A Soccer Ball. Huge Waste Of Effort: This Guy Spends Tons Of Time With His Kids And They Still Suck.       It's perfectly natural to want to feel special, but some people are so desperate for validation that their ploys for attention end up feeling pitiful and sad. Point in case: The last time you saw this frog it was wearing an eyepatch on its other eye.. Um, literally what the hell, frog? Not sure who you're trying to impress here, but it ain't working. . Last week, when you visited Meadow Path Pond to read on one of the benches near the water, you noticed that the big frog who's always by the storm drain was wearing an eyepatch over its right eye, yet curiously, today you saw that it's wearing the eyepatch over its left eye, suggesting it never really needed the eyepatch in the first place. Worse still, every time you've looked up from your book today, you've noticed that the frog has hopped a little closer to you, sometimes even angling its head in your direction so that you have a clear view of its eyepatch, obviously hoping that you'll notice and ask what happened to its eye.. Well guess what, frog? NOT GONNA HAPPEN!. That's right. You can see right through this frog's pathetic little game, and you're not gonna give it the validation it wants so badly. Even now, as the frog hops towards you with a dirty dollar bill hanging out of its mouth, clearly showing off the fact that it has money, you refuse to acknowledge it and give it the attention it craves. You can tell that the other animals are annoyed with the frog, too, because the ducks beelined in the opposite direction when they saw it coming their way, and the carp that usually clamor at the water's edge so people will throw stuff for them to eat have completely abandoned their post for the algae wad at the far end of the pond, where they Don't have to put up with the frog's annoying performative croaking and its sad attempts to be liked. . Sheesh. This is definitely not what the frog was hoping would happen when it cooked up its eyepatch plan. . Well, let this be a wake-up call to you, frog: Everyone can sense your desperation, and it's a really bad look. Just chill out and be yourself! There's no need to fake some stupid eye injury to try to make people like you. If you keep this up, no one's gonna want to hang out at the pond anymore, because your insecurity is really killing the otherwise pleasant vibe. Grow up, frog, and get your shit together!,    If you think your life is stressful, here's a story about a man who's currently facing an absolute nightmare of a scheduling conflict that'll make your own problems feel much more manageable in comparison: This man just realized he scheduled his own wedding on the day he was supposed to perform amateur penis enlargement surgery on his father.. Absolutely devastating. you've got to feel for this poor guy.. When Gordon Samuelson of Hartford, Connecticut and his fiancee Claire officially set the date of June 4th, 2022 for their wedding, it should have been a happy occasion, but, sadly, Gordon realized yesterday that due to a logistical oversight, the day he's scheduled to say his vows is the same day he's slated to perform an improvised operation on his father's penis to make it longer and wider.. "I just Don't know what I'm going to do. On the one hand, Claire and I have already booked the venue and sent out save-the-dates to all our friends and family, but on the other hand, I've already bought all the sawdust and vinegar for my dad's dick enhancement operation," said Gordon while poring over his Google calendar trying to find a solution to his impossible problem. "And I can't reschedule either event because we've already put down our deposit on the wedding venue and my dad already bought a billboard with his picture on it that says,  "My normal dick becomes large on June 4th, 2022. " There's zero flexibility for me here.". God, what an awkward position to be in.. To make matters worse, Gordon knows there will be dire consequences if he fails to keep either of these major commitments.. "Claire said if I skipped our wedding then she'd break up with me," he says. "But my dad told me that if I Don't do the surgery on him, then he's going to walk around my wedding showing everyone his normal dick and saying,  "This regular dinger of mine could have been big and large if my traitorous son had done garage surgery on me like he said he would. " That would just be gutting for me. Everyone would be laughing at me at my own wedding. I wish I had never been born.". "My dad's dick is called his penis and I promised him I'd make it humongous," Gordon added.. Gordon said that he toyed with numerous solutions: First, he considered performing the penis enlargement operation on his father at the altar, but he later realized this would be too boring for his fiancee and their guests to watch and that people might fall asleep before the operation was complete. Then he considered marrying his fiancee in his garage while performing the penis enlargement operation on his father, but he realized this probably wouldn't work because the fumes from the vinegar and rocket fuel involved in the surgery might make his fiancee pass out.. Then he considered murdering his father, performing the penis enlargement operation on his corpse, and then skipping his wedding. This seemed like a perfect solution until Gordon realized that if he killed his father he might go to jail. It really seems like there's no way out for him.. Oof. This is just incredibly sad. At the end of the day, Gordon knows that he only has himself to blame for his current crisis. His father's penis enlargement surgery has been on the books for six years, and he should have double-checked his calendar before committing to this wedding date. Here's hoping he finds a way out of this jam so that he's able to get married . and . make his father's penis larger.,    Renovating an older house can lead to some fascinating discoveries about a home's hidden features. That's exactly what happened to Patricia and Charles Bregman of Fairfield, Iowa, who recently stumbled upon a pretty awesome find while refurbishing their floors: The couple pulled up their carpets hoping to find hardwood, but found Wee Man instead.. Wow! Definitely not what they were expecting, but for sure kind of cool!. As Patricia and Charles began remodeling their living room earlier this month, they held out hope that the flooring beneath the old carpeting might be beautiful hardwood, which would perfectly align with their vision for the space, yet upon investigation, they were disappointed to find that the hardwood was warped and unpresentable. However, their disappointment was slightly offset by the surprising discovery of . Jackass.  star Jason "Wee Man" Acula smiling and waving at them from underneath the rug. Though caught off guard by Wee Man, the couple was nonetheless more delighted to see him than they would be to see ugly linoleum or tile, and they warmly waved back at him and told him how much they enjoyed his "Anaconda Ball Pit" scene in . Jackass 2..  . Patricia--let down by the lack of quality hardwood flooring but also feeling that this chance encounter with Wee Man was pretty neat--asked the stuntman if he wanted a glass of water or anything to eat, which Wee Man politely declined before complimenting the couple in an attempt to fill empty space in the conversation, saying "Y'all look like you're really in love, that rules," after which he threw up the sign of the horns with both hands. Following an extended awkward silence, Wee Man then asked the couple if they'd like an autograph, or if they'd even want to do a stunt, such as gluing him to the ceiling or tasering him in the testicles, thinking it might be a nice treat for a fan of his to experience. Charles bashfully declined, saying he and Patricia had better get back to work on the living room. The couple then bid farewell to Wee Man, pried him up with a crowbar, and threw him in the dumpster that they'd rented for the renovation.. Fun! . While this certainly isn't quite what Patricia and Charles were hoping for when they pulled up the carpet, finding Wee Man was undoubtedly a pretty decent consolation prize. Whatever Wee Man was doing under their carpet, he just gave them a cool story that they'll remember forever. Not bad!,    Grab the tissues, because here's a heartwarming story about the power of mercy and the incredible impact it can make on the lives of others: When this pediatrician looked into a child's ear and found a tiny family of polite, well-dressed ants begging him not to tell anyone that they were there, he looked the other way.. Beautiful. We really need more of this in the world!. Earlier today, Dr. Anthony Tabachnik was conducting a routine physical on six-year-old Liam Russo when he noticed something unusual inside the boy's ear: a small family of black garden ants, all dressed to the nines in 19th century-era suits and dresses, scurrying about the eardrum with great industriousness. Upon realizing they'd been discovered, the ant children gasped and alerted the ant father, whose eyes went wide with panic as he quietly urged his wife and children to remain calm. Then, after several moments of anxious deliberation amongst themselves, the ant family courteously bowed and curtsied to Dr. Tabachnik, after which the monocled patriarch stepped forward, tipped his microscopic top hat, and introduced himself.. "G-g-greetings, kind sir!," stammered the visibly nervous father ant to the doctor. "We are pleased to make your acquaintance. As you can see, my family and I have sought refuge in this young man's ear, as our anthill was recently destroyed by an errant soccer ball. I understand that our presence may come as a surprise to you, just as it would if I were to discover a family of critters living on my own antenna! But do not be alarmed, for I assure you, we intend no harm to this boy and will only be taking shelter here until we can find a proper home in the dirt. Children, come, come! Introduce yourself to our lovely guest!" . In lock step, the ant children shyly stepped forward and introduced themselves one by one: "Patrice!" "Boadicea!" "Cordelia" "Percy!" "Baby Rhys!" Then they politely dismissed themselves to attend to their daily chores, tidying up the eardrum with tiny mops, dusters, and rags while singing a song called "Scrubbin' Ears Is The Life For Me" in delightful four-part harmony. Though Dr. Tabachnik's medical training would normally lead him to remove and/or exterminate an insect population living inside a child's ear, he elected to continue hearing the ants out, finding their affable demeanor to be endearing and not at all threatening.. "They're good kids, aren't they?" said the ant father to the doctor, clacking his mandibles with pride. "They're my entire world. I Don't know if you're a father yourself, but if so, surely you can understand the pride one feels for his young, as well the desire to keep them from harm. Thus, I must ask from the bottom of my heart that you refrain from squashing them and that you do not announce our presence to Master Liam, whose ear canal we have so happily settled in. We may be small, but our capacity for love is just as big as yours, which is why I must beg you to please show my humble little brood some grace.". The ant mother then lovingly took her husband's hand and echoed his pleas, assuring the pediatrician that they were peaceful, God-fearing ants who Don't mean anyone harm and that they'd be forever indebted to him if he let them be. She then unraveled the blade of grass she'd wrapped around her thorax like a swaddle to reveal a teeny tiny larva gently throbbing in her arms, saying, "At the very least, I beg you, spare our young. They are innocent." She then tenderly wrapped the larva back into her swaddle before suddenly regurgitating a pile of partially digested matter onto the ground for the other children to eat--a gross yet profoundly touching moment.  . Dr. Tabachnik paused momentarily and considered the insect family, which surprisingly reminded him of his own family in many ways. Then, seemingly remembering his oath, he muttered "Do no harm" under his breath and removed the otoscope from Liam's ear, announcing "Everything looks normal here!" before continuing on with the rest of the check-up without ever once mentioning the ant family. . Wow, we are seriously choking up right now. Faith in humanity restored!. Let this be a reminder that, at the end of the day, we're all more alike than different, and we should always strive to treat each other just like we'd want to be treated. Without a doubt, the ants in Liam's ear will remember the pediatrician's extraordinary act of mercy for the rest of their lives. Dr. Tabachnik, you are an absolute hero. Thank you for showing these ants such grace!,    Look, it's no secret that digital media is a dying industry, and unfortunately it's at the point now where the best remaining revenue strategy for small websites like ours to stay afloat is to just beg the military industrial complex for table scraps. So! If you happen to work for the Department of Defense or one of the military branches and are looking for fresh new ways to give the U.S. an edge in combat, here are a few weapon ideas to give you a taste of the sort of stuff ClickHole could come up with for you in exchange for a lucrative contract of some kind..  No one can resist the temptation to spin a prize wheel, especially if there's a chance you could win an incredible prize like a Playstation 5 or $100 cash. If the U.S. military were to rig a prize wheel with a powerful bomb and leave it in hostile territory, it'd only be a matter of time before enemy combatants scurried over to try their luck. And considering that the Department of Defense gets over $700 billion in taxpayer money every year to buy whatever the hell they want, surely they can spare, say, half a million to buy this incredible idea from ClickHole.. What's more terrifying than a 60-ton war machine rolling into battle? A 60-ton war machine that also smells like absolute shit. There's no way the Type-A eggheads who develop military technology could ever come up with an idea as clever and out-of-the-box as this one, and if the U.S. military wants to get even better at killing people in future wars, then they need to ink a contract with ClickHole ASAP..  According to the WikiHow page for removing a mouse from glue traps, all we'd need is a bunch of olive oil to get innocent civilians off the glue trap. Then, once it's only U.S. enemies stuck on the glue trap, we could just throw it in the trash and declare a decisive victory. How's that sound, Defense Secretary Lloyd J. Austin? Just let us know when you're ready to cut a check!.  Wizards know all sorts of spells, and they can totally use those spells to protect America. It's honestly baffling that the army isn't already using these guys--seems like a no brainer!  .  We "ll leave it up to the highly paid scientists of the U.S. military to figure out the technology for this one, but basically, we think it could be a total combat game-changer if the U.S. developed the most staticky blanket the world has ever known. Like, something so staticky that if you rub it on the couch ahead of time to get it super charged up, it could easily shock a whole platoon of enemy soldiers to death if you just throw it in their general vicinity. Plus, society has conditioned us to perceive blankets as non-lethal comfort items, so it would totally catch America's nemeses off guard. Brilliant!. The idea would be to engineer sophisticated long-range mamas that could be launched from underground silos or submarines and would be capable of whacking enemy combatants with frying pans and pinching them to punish them for their bad behavior. Just one of these highly powerful mamas would be able to teach a lesson to an entire nation of misbehaving adversaries..  The goose could bite ISIS guys. Pretty clever, right? If anyone at the Department of Defense would like to discuss this idea further, please give us a shout. Or, if they've got all the weapon ideas they need at the moment, then we could totally bring something else to the table. Like, maybe we create amusing memes to positively influence public opinion towards war? Or, for a couple hundred grand, we could totally put out a monthly newsletter for the troops that's full of funny jokes, spoofs, and amusing observations about battle to raise morale. We are open to anything and will happily compromise our values if it means we get a little money out of it. .  The U.S. military has yet to weaponize an AC unit so fucking loud and annoying that anyone within a five mile radius would rather kill themselves than listen to it blowing and rattling around all day. There is no enemy of America that could possibly stand being near an AC unit as shitty and obnoxious as the one we're imagining, and we're thinking it's just the kind of thing the U.S. needs to defend its interests abroad. . Combat-related trauma takes an immense toll on our nation's troops, and it's time that we develop battlefield tools that help stop PTSD before it starts. Just imagine the wonders it'd do for soldiers " mental health if, instead of seeing a guy's head blow up every time they shoot someone, they saw a funny monkey dressed like a businessman. Killing people would be a blast!.  When you see a baby, you almost never suspect that it might secretly be a devastating weapon of mass destruction, and that element of surprise could really give the U.S. an advantage in future conflicts. All you'd have to do is train the babies to blow themselves up with some stuffed animals or a nursery rhyme or something--they are dumb and easily manipulated. If there are any generals out there reading this who are interested in acquiring such a weapon, all we'd ask in return is a modest seven-figure military contract, or even a six-figure contract if that "d be easier to get past accounting. Hit us up and let's make it happen!,    Humanity is running out of time in our battle against climate change, and sadly, we're about to cross a catastrophic tipping point from which there may be no return: Rising Arctic temperatures will soon unfreeze a fun-loving caveman whose antics will only further exacerbate climate change.. It's impossible to overstate the potential ecological consequences of this hard-partying little dude.. According to a sobering new paper in the scientific journal . Nature. , humanity may only have years or even months before temperatures in the Arctic become hot enough to melt the glacier containing Groog, a rambunctious Ice Age man whose feisty lust for life is all but certain to accelerate the rate at which our planet warms. The paper speculates that once his icy prison thaws enough for him to escape, it will likely only take hours for Groog to see his first airplane and mistake it for an enormous, mouthwatering bird, prompting him to ignite a record-setting wildfire to barbecue it for a raucous blowout feast with all his friends. In addition to releasing tons of carbon into the atmosphere, this initiating event will make Groog incredibly lonely when none of his caveman friends show up, leading him to try to forget his sorrows through a series of ever more outrageous hijinks at unthinkable cost to our environment.. The paper pulls no punches in laying out just how devastating Groog's insatiable thirst for a good time will be to our planet, explaining in great detail how Groog will learn about surfing from an ad on the side of a bus and consequently destroy dozens of critical hydroelectric dams so he can hang ten off the resulting waves. It's also likely that Groog's outgoing nature and notoriety as an extreme surfer will make him an instant campus celebrity at a nearby college, where he "ll cause irreparable harm to the ozone layer by using can after can of aerosolized hairspray and deodorant in his attempts to woo a teaching assistant who bears an uncanny likeness to his former girlfriend Groogina. In one especially pernicious scenario, Groog may even end up inadvertently destroying years of research on carbon-capture technology in the process of evading campus security during an after-hours chase through the science labs due to a beer run gone wrong.. Yikes. As bad as climate change already was, it'll only get worse with Groog in the mix.. "Once you unleash a caveman that boisterous into modern society, there's no telling how many disastrous knock-on effects you'll see in terms of the environment," said Dr. Abigail Taffer, the lead researcher behind this alarming report. "He might cause massive oil spills to turn entire beaches into big fun Slip  "N Slides, or joyride a bulldozer through ecologically vulnerable wetlands to try to flush out the mammoths he assumes are hiding in there. And while I Don't want to sound defeatist, if Groog is somehow able to return to the Arctic with a couple hundred cordless hair dryers to find and unfreeze the original Groogina, the next generation of Grooglets may be the nail in the coffin for life on earth as we know it.". This is truly upsetting news. A rowdy caveman like Groog is the last thing we need with climate change as bad as it already is. Here's hoping humanity can come together to mitigate as much harm as possible before this excitable prehistoric dude gets here! , America Is Better Than This: These Chairless People Are Being Forced to Fight Over A Constantly Diminishing Supply Of Chairs. Incredible Achievement: Mom Has Become The World's Slowest Solver Of Something She Calls  "Sudoka ". A Piece Of History: The Riding Mower That Whoopi Goldberg, John Denver, and Dobby Used To Escape New York After The 9/11 Attacks Is Coming To The Smithsonian. Heartbreaking: This Overweight Boy Is Too Self-Conscious To Take His Shirt Off At A Masked Orgy. Exploring Other Cultures: This Woman Pressed Some Keys Incorrectly And Made What Seems To Be The Letter  "W " In Greek Or Russian Appear. We Know It Ain't Much, But We'd Be Much Obliged If you'd Accept These Meager Few Pictures Of Centaur Shailene Woodley.  "Talk Smack With Your Friends Instead ": This Amazing New Anti-Bullying Campaign Reminds Kids That Talking Shit Behind Someone's Back Is A Safe And Effective Alternative To Bullying.       When a loved one dies, it can be terribly difficult to express all that they meant to you. Unfortunately, it just got even harder, because one mourner at this wake has made a move that's bound to make your final farewell pale in comparison: The person in front of you just kissed the body. . Whoa. How the hell are you supposed to top that? . Your uncle's viewing has seen no shortage of poignant, teary-eyed goodbyes, but on the line to kneel at his casket, the woman directly before you raised the bar to a whole new level by kissing your dead uncle's cheek--a gesture guaranteed to eclipse however you pay your final respects. This lady, who you vaguely remember seeing at family parties years ago (she's your dad's second cousin or something?) overshadowed every preceding mourner as she clutched her rosary beads, gently touched your uncle's clasped hands, and leaned over the casket to plant a no-holds-barred kiss right on his embalmed face. No matter how heartbroken you may be over your uncle's death, your farewell has virtually zero chance of stacking up against this lady's power move.. Let's be honest: nobody's one-upping a straight-up kiss on the corpse. Not at this wake.. Unfortunately, you're up next, coming hot off the heels of a woman who just upped the ante in a way you're unlikely to match. Everyone's got their own way of grieving, but now that this lady threw down the gauntlet, every subsequent tribute will pretty much look like shit. Unless you start wailing at the top of your lungs, or stand there praying long enough that the funeral director has to come respectfully guide you away, this woman's farewell kiss on your uncle's shriveled jowls is going to remain in a league of its own. ,    Try as you might, you can't stop the process of aging, and eventually, time catches up with everyone. Case in point: This woman's now at the age where she calls all of her female friends her "girlfriends" for some reason.. There's no use fighting it, girl. This is who you are now.. Earlier today, 29-year-old Anna Ryan of New Canaan, CT officially reached a new stage of adult life when she referred to her female friends as her "girlfriends" for the first time. Having grown up overhearing her mom and aunts refer to their own female friends this way, Anna, like all young girls, never once used the term, and frankly didn't understand why someone would bother to say "girlfriends" and not just "friends." However, the aging process spares no one, and so, without warning, when one of Anna's coworkers asked her what she "ll be doing this Friday, Anna immediately responded, "Just a low key dinner with my girlfriends," permanently marking the distinction between her youth and the rest of her aging life.. Additionally, this change in Anna's behavior coincides with a sudden desire to do a "girl's weekend" somewhere like Sedona or Nashville, which, up until now, she would have merely described as "going on a trip with her friends." Similarly, Anna recently referred to her visit to Nordstrom with her roommate last Sunday as a "ladies-only shopping trip," as though the activity was exclusive to women, not just the result of her saying, "Wanna go shopping?" aloud to the only other person in her home. . While this addition to her vocabulary signifies that Anna's not exactly the spring chicken she once was, she's fortunately still got several years from the time in which she will consider concerts "too loud" and Marvel movies "too scary," and roughly a decade from the time she won't be able to have more than one glass of wine without getting a migraine.. Wow. Here's wishing Anna confidence and grace as she enters the new chapter of her life in which her friends are her "girlfriends." Godspeed, Anna!,    It's not easy to deal with a disrespectful teenager, but just because your daughter called you a cunt and hit you with her Bird scooter doesn't mean you need to ground her until she finishes high school. Stay calm, put some ointment on the tire marks across your chest, and keep these five things in mind. . Although you may think that you're in for an entire decade of your daughter screaming, "I hate you, cunt!" before plowing right into you at full speed with the Bird e-scooter she stole off the street and hotwired, remember that that's probably not the case. One day, probably not so far off, your daughter will look back on the fact that she then put her scooter into reverse to hit you a second time while shouting, "That's for being a stupid bitch!" and she "ll barely remember being the kind of person who would do that to anyone, let alone to her own mother. It might seem like it's a long time off when she's standing outside her bedroom door somehow revving the electric scooter at full volume, but that day will come!. But just because your daughter's going through a phase doesn't mean it's easy to move on from watching her laugh in your face as you writhe on the ground in pain and knock over the refrigerator to trap you in the kitchen so you can't call the police. In order to release the tension between you two, try asking her what steps you can both take to avoid something like this happening again. If she insists that she only hit you with her scooter and called you a cunt because you were being a cunt, work together to discover how you can be less of a cunt in a way that feels fair to both of you.. It's only natural that you're alarmed to find a note in your daughter's bedroom that says "TO DO: Knock the cunts 2 the GROUND," but it's worth remembering that a Bird scooter can only run for 25 miles before the battery runs out. While you're obviously not the only cunt she wanted to plow down today, and she's likely out there searching for her aunt and her soccer coach right now, there's no urgency to alert the authorities since there are only so many she "ll be able to hit without having to take a long break to recharge her vehicle. During that recharging time, she might have a chance to cool down from the angry mood she was in when she decided to use her scooter to physically harm the adults in her life in the first place. . Although your daughter might spray paint "THIS IS WHAT YOU GET FOR ASKING ME TO DO THE DISHES, BITCH" across your car, there's a good chance that the real root of her behavior is something going on in her private life. Keep in mind that your daughter isn't a sociopath -- she's just a teenage girl trying her best, and sometimes using her scooter charger to scratch "A CUNT LIVES HERE" across your front door is the only way she can process things. Besides, Don't rule out the possibility that earlier that day at school, one of her classmates ran their scooter into .  while calling .  a cunt. People often repeat the poor treatment they have experienced themselves.. While your daughter's behavior is certainly inexcusable, remember that it wasn't so long ago that you were calling your own mom a cunt before unicycling into her at the top of the steps and knocking her down the entire flight of stairs. Cut your daughter some slack. Ultimately, going to the ER to make sure the ligaments on your neck haven't been permanently damaged won't undo all of the wonderful times you've had together -- just as it didn't with your own mom. If anyone can get through something like this, it's mothers and daughters! ,    horny,     ,    Although it was the onset of last year's COVID-19 pandemic that forced many workplaces to begin operating remotely, work-from-home has now become the norm, and thankfully, one computer company has stepped up to make remote work easier than ever: Logitech has released a wireless mouse that works from up to 900 miles away.. Awesome! This is a total game changer! . While traditional mice can only be used in close proximity to the computer they're synced to, Logitech's new mouse uses long-range Bluetooth compatibility that will allow workers to use it as long as they're within 900 miles of their work computer. Logitech has revealed that the mouse runs on solar power, which means you won't even need to bring a charger in your carry-on as you head to the Outer Banks to work remotely for the week--just grab your mouse and start clicking away while you sip a daiquiri and enjoy the sunshine.. "Employees need equipment to match their remote work lifestyles, and thanks to our most accurate track sensor yet, this new mouse can be used on any surface, including picnic tables, patio furniture, and even sandy beach towels," said Logitech in a press statement on their website. "Whether you're at a gorgeous lakeside chateau or luxury day spa, you can now toggle seamlessly between spreadsheets and email on a computer screen that's four states away.". Hell yes! What an awesome invention. This is going to make working remotely so much more pleasant for so many people, which will be a major boon as the work-from-home lifestyle becomes more and more common. Hats off to Logitech for this one!,    Sometimes in life, you can try your hardest everyday and do everything right, yet things still won't go your way, and here's a heartbreaking story of someone who's learning this lesson the hard way: This guy spends tons of time with his kids, but somehow they still completely suck.. Ah, bummer. What a huge waste of time and effort. . After his experience growing up with an absent father, 38-year-old engineer Dave Hilland swore he would do everything in his power to be a great dad for his kids, and since the birth of his twin sons 11 years ago, he has sacrificed endlessly to give his boys the attention and resources they need to grow up happy and successful. But, tragically, despite all of the camping trips, bedtime stories, and homework help Dave has invested in his boys, they're both still lame as hell. Like, just truly unremarkable children in virtually every regard. . The twins, Joey and Timothy, are both thoroughly unimpressive kids with lower-than-average grades who reek of prepubescent body odor and suck at just about every activity they get involved in, even though their dad has gone above and beyond every step of the way to give them incredible opportunities that should really be paying much higher dividends than they actually are. While plenty of kids would absolutely kill to have such an awesomely dedicated dad, having Dave as a positive role model in their lives is apparently doing jackshit for these doughy, boring twins who somehow manage to be terrible at things that even kids with deadbeat dads are pretty good at, like building stuff with Legos and drawing cool pictures of trucks.. It's soul-crushing to see a man putting so much effort into hands-on, loving parenting and having his kids still end up being a couple of unpopular dipshits who spend their time playing lame grandma games like Farmville on their phones and frequently have to go to the doctor for dumb shit like ear infections and skin tags. Had Dave spent even half the time he's spent being there for his practically worthless kids on managing his investment portfolio or practicing his golf game or something, he would probably be so much farther in life. As it stands, however, his dedication to raising his kids right hasn't netted any sort of tangible return, as neither one has produced a single trophy, gotten the lead role in a play, or successfully caught a fish. Honestly, they haven't really done anything except for being a huge drag. . If it's any consolation, at least the twins haven't gotten into drugs or crime or anything. But then again, they're only 11, so there's definitely still time. And if things continue at this current dismal rate, Dave's selfless and engaged parenting will likely be insufficient to prevent his boys from slipping into lives of permanent mediocrity, full of pointlessness and dead-eyed stares. Though he's tried his best, at some point Dave will just have to accept the fact that his boys aren't exactly what you'd call high achievers. . Poor guy. No parent should have to endure the pain of having shitty kids.. Unfortunately, Dave appears committed to this nightmare of a parenting situation for the long haul, even though it's absolutely clear it's time to cut bait and move on from being a good dad. With his sons " most impressionable years behind them, every additional day he spends being the best father he can is sadly just wasted effort, and at this point, it'd be foolish for him to hope for more. It's plainly evident these boys will only continue to suck more and more as they go through puberty, and no amount of unconditional love will divert them from the path of sucking super bad they're already on. What a sad way for a man to squander the precious time he has on this earth. ,
    Prepare yourself for a letdown of historical proportions, because a new revelation has taken the shine off of one of the most well-known icons of antiquity: Archaeologists have discovered that the Sphinx was supposed to be a soccer ball.. Woof, really? No offense to the ancient Egyptians, but sounds like they were actually huge dumbasses. . The shocking failure came to light earlier this week when a dig at the Giza Plateau unearthed a number of carved tablets appearing to depict the attempted construction of a small, not particularly complicated soccer ball. Further digging, however, revealed more tablets recording numerous boneheaded mistakes and miscalculations during the building process, such as a typo changing the word for "rubber" to "stone," causing the soccer ball to grow ever larger and more unwieldy to the Egyptians " increasing exasperation. A final tablet bearing hieroglyphics roughly translating to "Cutting our losses; Guess we "ll just play soccer with this" shows an unmistakable representation of the towering Sphinx statue, conclusively proving that the Sphinx is not a staggering wonder of ancient architecture, but rather the laughably pathetic result of an abortive attempt to play sports.. Subsequent digging around the Sphinx statue itself has reinforced this new line of thought by revealing a pair of goalposts at the eastern and western ends of the Sphinx, which despite being regulation size are still several orders of magnitude too small for any parts of the Sphinx to conceivably fit through. The archaeologists have also excavated several mass burial sites nearby containing thousands of skeletons with smashed skulls and leg bones, suggesting that the deaths of laborers during construction of the Sphinx paled in comparison to the deaths of those who tried to play soccer with it afterwards. It would be one thing to die in the construction of a monument meant to be so magnificent as to defy death itself, but dying because you screwed up making a soccer ball has got to be one of the more undignified ways to go.. "We had always assumed it was supposed to be a temple or a funerary monument of some kind, but apparently that was way too charitable because the whole thing was only ever supposed to be a small, bouncy ball for people to kick around," said Dr. Simone Hasselbeck, the lead archeologist behind this game-changing discovery. "Now that we know its intended function, we can see that the damage to the Sphinx's face we had previously attributed to weathering and vandalism was more likely the result of these morons trying to do bicycle kicks in a futile effort to score a goal with this thing. I Don't know the first thing about how to make a soccer ball but I could definitely get closer than these idiots did, and I wouldn't even have to spend a whole damn century of forced labor to do it.". Yeesh. This is a pretty devastating L for the ancient Egyptians.. In retrospect, it's embarrassing that we used to be genuinely awestruck by this big, stupid lion-shaped rock. Even if that's what they . were.  intending to build, it'd still be a useless, ill-conceived structure, and it makes sense that no other cultures have felt the need to build stadium-sized rock monsters of their own. If there's any takeaway here, it's that the ancient Egyptians may very well have been the dumbest humans to ever walk the earth.,    Pardon there, reader. Couldn't help but notice you were enjoyin' our website. Lookin' around, n' clickin ", n' readin ", n' sharing. Awful kind of ya. Awful kind. Now, it ain't nothin' fancy, but we'd be much obliged if you accepted these here coupl "er photos of centaur Shailene Woodley. Jus " a simple token of our  "ppreciation, s'all. . We know, we know. It's a mighty humble offering, considerin' how generous you been, giving our lil " ol' website here yer time and attention. Hell, if we had a hundert photos of Shailene Woodley as a centaur, we'd give ya the whole lot of  "em. Times jus' been hard in digital media, s'all. Real hard. Only got these scant few fer now, but know these centaur Shailene's are from the bottom o " our heart. . Helluva thing you done for us, engagin' with our page n' our content all these years. Rare to encounter such kindness from strangers on the innernet nowadays. Least we can do is offer ya these handful o " centaur Shailenes. We worked real hard on  "em--even put antlers on Missus Woodley in this one here. Sure hope you enjoy it.. See that there lil " Aaron Rodgers on centaur Shailene's back? Really somethin ", huh? We wouldn't give a centaur Shailene like this to just any ol' person. Saved it for an occasion like this, to let someone special like yerself know just how much ya mean to us, n' how thankful we are for ya, n' all yer gen "rous comments n' favs n' shares. . Wish we had more to offer, God knows y'all deserve all the centaur Shailenes in the world and then some. Don't be afraid to come back to our page n' say hi every now n' then, y'hear? Yer welcome 'round these parts anytime., Stupid Waste Of Time: This Woman Made A Heartwarming Birthday Post On Instagram For Her Grandma Who's Dead And Doesn't Give A Shit. Celebrity Meet And Greet: Shake Hands With The Apatow Family!. I No Lenger Miiss My Diedhubsand (by Queen Elizabeth II). Get The Telescopes Ready: NASA Announced That This Friday Is The MILF Moon. A Secret Delight: We Made It Look Like you're Spying On These Tractors Through Peepholes So The Experience Seems Vaguely Naughty. Heartbreaking: This White 14-Year-Old Having An Amazing Time Doing Parkour Alone While Blasting  "A Milli " Has No Idea He's Being Secretly Filmed For A TikTok That Will Go Viral And Ruin His Life. Try All You Want, But He's Not Budging: Use The Slider To Try To Get Drake Out Of Bed To Go To Temple.       You might have thought that Mom has achieved just about everything she's going to achieve in life, but she just did something absolutely amazing that shows she is far from done: Mom has become the world's slowest solver of something she calls "sudoka.". Cool! Way to go, Mom!. Ever since she downloaded an app from Sudoku.com on her friend Linda's recommendation last week, Mom has made a name for herself as the popular puzzle game's slowest living solver. Over the weekend, Mom spent three straight evenings on the couch staring dumbly at her iPad through her reading glasses and periodically mumbling "Wait, how did that get there?" as she struggled to complete her very first beginner-level puzzle, filling up numerous pages of scrap paper with calculations despite the fact that there is no addition or subtraction involved in Sudoku. Following this initial taste of success, Mom was immediately hungry for more, and she's since cleared her iPad's home screen of everything besides what she calls "my Sudoka game". Already, she's facing plenty of obstacles in this endeavor, including Dad watching baseball incredibly loudly on TV every day, which she says makes her "type the wrong numbers," but despite the challenges, she's remaining determined to keep up her mind-blowingly slow pace of filling in one Sudoku box per hour for a week straight.. There have been times that Mom has nearly given up on Sudoku, saying things like "I Don't see how they expect me to know if this should be a seven," presumably using "they" to refer to the algorithm that auto-generates the Sudoku boards on her app. But she seems to have a fiery inner drive to establish herself as the worst Sudoku player in history, forging onward even when a particularly tricky Sudoku causes her to sigh, look up from her iPad, and say "This stupid thing doesn't make any sense." It's true that solving puzzles like these can help maintain cognitive function as a person ages, but probably not the way Mom's doing it, since she uses the app's hint function just about every turn and is also constantly asking everyone in the family to give their "opinion" on which numbers should go where, effectively outsourcing all the heavy lifting to those around her.. Wow! It just goes to show that, if you set your mind to it, it's never too late in life to become really bad at something. . We really have to hand it to Mom for having the passion and determination to wake up every day and solve Sudoku puzzles at what can only be described as a glacially slow pace. As far as being shitty at Sudoku goes, she is truly on pace to smash all-time records, and we could not be more proud. Amazing job, Mom! It's awesome that you have a nice activity now to help pass the time as you navigate your slow, inescapable descent into senility. , Get The Telescopes Ready: NASA Announced That This Friday Is The MILF Moon. A Secret Delight: We Made It Look Like you're Spying On These Tractors Through Peepholes So The Experience Seems Vaguely Naughty. Heartbreaking: This White 14-Year-Old Having An Amazing Time Doing Parkour Alone While Blasting  "A Milli " Has No Idea He's Being Secretly Filmed For A TikTok That Will Go Viral And Ruin His Life. Try All You Want, But He's Not Budging: Use The Slider To Try To Get Drake Out Of Bed To Go To Temple. Do They Think They're Better Than You? Your Pity Follow Of Your Friend's Pet Instagram, Where They Write Captions Like They Are A Dog, Remains Completely Unreciprocated. Tragic: Your Heartfelt Facebook Post About Your Friend's Death Isn't Getting The Engagement It Would Have In 2013. After 93 Years On Earth, That's All The Wisdom He Has To Offer? Grandpa Just Said It's Important To Have Fun In Life.       Brace yourself, because the story currently unfolding in Hatboro, PA is going to absolutely devastate you: This white 14-year-old having an amazing time doing parkour alone while blasting "A Milli" has no idea he's being secretly filmed for a TikTok that will go viral and ruin his life. . Good God. This is just so heartbreaking.. Eighth grader Brian Neumann is currently having the time of his life trying to hoist himself on top of the dumpster in the alley outside his mom's apartment, but the fun will sadly be short-lived, as a couple of sophomores from a neighboring high school are secretly filming him for a video they'll later post to TikTok with a caption dubbing him "The Parkour Wigger." Although Brian's smiling ear to ear as he leaps back and forth between the bike rack and a communal grill blasting Lil Wayne's "A Milli" out of an iHome speaker that he got as a hand-me-down from his older cousin, he will ultimately regret his decision to do clumsy 360 jumps off of various chairs and landscaping fixtures while quietly rapping to himself when footage of this moment becomes the biggest thing on the internet, ultimately inspiring a wildly popular TikTok craze in which his moves are recreated by millions of teens, as well as actress Courtney Cox in a depressing bid to stay relevant.. While it might be kind of cool for him when the TikTok craze he unwittingly started causes "A Milli" to rocket to the top of the Billboard charts and become relevant to a new generation, the dire social ramifications Brian will encounter as a result of the whole world seeing a clip of him triumphantly rapping "Mothafucka, I'm ill!" after landing a cartwheel off of a three-foot-high wheelchair ramp will certainly negate any positives that come out of this. And surely he would've just stayed inside had he known that his sweaty, out-of-breath attempt at rapping would spur a viral tweet from a (white) Atlantic staff writer saying, "It's cultural appropriation for white people to sing the words of Black artists," that would then lead to him being mockingly portrayed by Pete Davidson in a poorly received SNL sketch parodying the debacle, ultimately resulting in him being endlessly bullied by his peers for a good decade afterwards. . Worse still, if Brian hadn't cranked the iHome up as loud as it could go, he'd probably be able to hear the nearby snickering that would alert him to the fact that he's being filmed, which would've prevented video record of not only the moment where a severe miscalculation about his own weight causes him to fall awkwardly off an outdoor water heater, but also the moment where he briefly attempts krumping and accidentally punches himself in the groin, eliciting an embarrassingly high-pitched squeal of pain that will in the coming weeks be remixed and autotuned countless times by content creators around the world. And, sadly, even though the public will ultimately forget about this moment in a couple of years, it'll go viral once again in 2029 following Roku's "Farewell To The 2020s" special when comedian Jaboukie Young-White calls it "the second most humiliating thing a white person has done this century behind Billie Eilish's jazz fusion album." Though the TikTok in and of itself will destroy any chance Brian has at a happy, dignified life almost immediately after it's posted, seeing his favorite comedian roast him on national TV will be the straw that eventually breaks the camel's back and leads him to opioids.  . Woof. Poor kid.. How absolutely tragic. While it's much too late for Brian to turn back now, here's wishing him strength and courage as he navigates the fallout from his goofy parkour attempts for the rest of his waking days. Our hearts are with you, Brian!,    The world is a diverse and extraordinary place full of exciting possibilities, and here's a story that shows the incredible experiences that await you if you're willing to expand your horizons: This woman pressed some keys incorrectly and made what seems to be the letter "W" in Greek or Russian appear.. Wow! What a strange yet beautiful look into another culture!. Earlier today, 34-year-old data analyst Angela Ferris was transported to a whole new world when she accidentally hit a few incorrect keys while working on a sales report and somehow made this thing appear: "\u0428". Angela's curiosity and wanderlust was instantly piqued by the foreign character, which she guessed to be the letter "W" in Greek, Russian, or possibly even something she thought of called "Greco-Russian," opening the door for her to Google both languages and digitally travel to the countries where they're spoken. . As Angela stared at the letter, she was utterly captivated by the differences between the "W" with a pointy bottom that she'd grown up with and this intriguing new flat-bottomed "W." She nodded her head in silent appreciation for how, as far as she can tell, pretty much every culture has their own version of a "W," some versions of which probably Don't even make the classic "W" sound that we use in English but rather something more exotic and breathy--she didn't bother looking this up to be sure, but you gotta figure it's true. Angela also took a few moments to ponder whether the "W" on her computer screen was one of those special letters they use in math, like that big Greek "E" she remembered seeing in either high school calculus or geometry, but she also did not bother looking this up. She instead deleted the fascinating "W" and carried on with her work.  . Amazing!. Kudos to Angela for taking some time out of her busy day to explore a new culture and see the world through an unfamiliar lens. Here's hoping her example inspires others to get out and celebrate our differences, as there is a vast and wonderful world out there ready to be explored.,
    The events of September 11th, 2001 remain some of the darkest in American history, and now, for the first time ever, an important artifact from that tragic day will be available for public viewing: The riding mower that Whoopi Goldberg, John Denver, and Dobby used to escape New York after the 9/11 attacks is coming to The Smithsonian.. The National Museum Of American History announced today that, ahead of the 20th anniversary of the attacks, they'll be adding a new exhibit which will allow viewers to experience for themselves the infamous trip taken by these three celebrities as they ventured out of New York City toward safety. Upon arriving, visitors will begin their tour of the exhibit by listening to a recording of the three-way call placed by Goldberg to her best friends Denver and Dobby as soon as she heard that the first tower fell in which she frantically yells, "A Black woman, an elf, and a hick? We're gonna be next! We gotta scram!". And scram they did: The exhibit's main attraction is the John Deere mower used for the trio's getaway that Dobby stole from the Central Park groundskeepers shed where he'd been illegally squatting after getting booted from the apartment he shared with comedian Rob Riggle due to his poor hygiene. Viewers will recognize the dent on the side of the mower from when it slammed against a guardrail on the George Washington Bridge as Dobby reached for the wheel to try to turn the mower around, crying, "Dobby wants to fight! Dobby wants to go back and wage holy war!" To this day, historians agree that it's never been clear which side Dobby intended to help.. An interactive map will give viewers the chance to explore all the iconic stops made by the group, such as the mailbox where Goldberg mailed a letter to Homeland Security to tell them that she was 70 percent sure that the villain from . Sister Act.  is the one who "did today's plane stuff," as well as the payphone where Denver called his mother to tell her that he died in 9/11. More fascinating still, when visitors click on the stretch of I-95 outside East Windsor, NJ on the map, they'll be able to listen to an incredible audio recreation of the moment where the trio enjoyed a brief respite from the fear and panic that otherwise colored the day to indulge in a rousing sing-a-long led by Denver to his hit tune "Thank God I'm A Country Boy," with Goldberg and Dobby both singing the lyrics to "Jesus Loves The Little Children" since they didn't know the real words.  . At the conclusion of the exhibit, guests can check out the never-before-released security footage from the trio's final stop at Six Flags Great Adventure, where they snuck into the Wild Safari Drive-Thru at Goldberg's insistence that they take two of each animal with them in order to "start a new life in the promised land." By this point in the trip, tensions had clearly risen to the surface, as the footage depicts Denver yelling at Dobby, "They should've flown the planes into you!" as they tried to lure a giraffe into a bumper car they'd attached to the back of the riding mower before they were apprehended by Six Flags officers and taken to the jail cell where they all remain to this day.. Absolutely incredible.. This exhibit is sure to be an emotional one, but this is a once in a lifetime chance to see some amazing American relics up close. This is definitely an exhibit you won't want to miss!,    Bullying in the U.S. is a serious issue that affects millions of kids per year, but that may soon change, as here's a story of an awesome organization with a practical solution that could end bullying once and for all: This amazing new anti-bullying campaign reminds kids that talking shit behind someone's back is a safe and effective alternative to bullying.. Incredible! This is going to prevent so many kids from hearing the awful things people are saying about them.. Launched by the Ad Council earlier this week, the forward-thinking campaign seeks to illustrate the benefits of merely talking smack about someone without saying it directly to their face, allowing kids to still have fun while not hurting anyone's feelings. To help get this message across, the Ad Council has partnered with pop singer Dua Lipa, who stars in a powerful new spot as a popular high schooler who, upon seeing a nerdy classmate in a trenchcoat rushing down the hallway with a briefcase instead of a backpack, impressively resists the very understandable urge to humiliate him in front of his peers. . "Yes, this kid is a huge loser, and yes, it would be fun to publicly roast him for having bad acne or for coming from a broken home, but the unfortunate reality is that you might get in trouble if you do that," says Dua Lipa in the ad. "But the good news is that you can still talk shit about him without hurting his feelings--all you gotta do is make fun of him behind his back! It's still fun for you, and he "ll be none the wiser. Now THAT'S a new rule!" . Dua Lipa then joins a group of gossipping teen girls and begins mimicking the trenchcoat kid's spastic gait while he, oblivious to the mockery, happily sprints off to anime club. A title card then appears on screen that says, "JUST TALK SHIT WITH YOUR FRIENDS INSTEAD."      . So powerful.. As if that commercial wasn't already going to make a major difference in curbing bullying in schools, the campaign also features a series of billboard ads that emphasize why secretly talking shit is preferable to bullying. One thought-provoking billboard says, "Want to tell someone they're a fugly ho? Tell your friends instead," followed by smaller text that reads, "Talk smack behind their back to end bullying for good." Other billboards feature testimonials from real high school students in which they describe instances where they became closer with their friends because of an inside joke that's solely based on insulting one of their fellow classmates, proving that not only is talking shit behind someone's back better for the person who would've been bullied, but it also makes existing friendships even stronger.. Wow!. Here's hoping that as many people as possible see this campaign, because it's definitely going to save kids from the pain of being bullied to their face. ,    To see a child struggling with their own body image is absolutely heartbreaking. While our society has made huge strides in embracing body positivity, here's a devastating example of how far we still have to go: This overweight boy is too self-conscious to take his shirt off at a masked orgy.. Ugh, poor guy. We wish we could give this kid a hug right now. . A terribly sad scene is currently unfolding at a secluded mansion estate in Greenwich, CT, where dozens of wealthy elite and 6th grader Dylan Halford have gathered to participate in a masked orgy, complete with erotic pagan rituals and rhythmic chanting. While guests indulge in group sex wearing nothing but Venetian masks, Dylan remains the only orgy member who is still wearing a shirt. The poor kid, afraid of being ridiculed for his weight, was seen nervously adjusting his XXL Hard Rock Cafe souvenir tee to hide his love handles as he lingered nervously near a tangled mass of limbs engaging in depraved acts on an antique Louis XV chaise lounge. Even though Dylan's bejewelled bauta mask obscures his true identity from all his anonymous sex partners, he's still too sensitive about his husky frame to go shirtless at this bacchanalia, worried that some of the other attendees might laugh at him or call him names like "tater tits" or "Shamu Jr." In fact, when the orgy's Master Of Ceremonies asked Dylan why he had a shirt on, Dylan bashfully made up an excuse about having poison ivy on his stomach, and his mom said he needed to keep it covered until it cleared up.. It's such a shame that Dylan feels so intimidated by the more conventional body types living out unrestrained sexual fantasies on every surface throughout this secret society's private country manor. He deserves to experience as much carnal pleasure as anyone else at this orgy, no matter how much larger he is than the average 12-year-old. In a less fatphobic world, Dylan would feel comfortable enough to take off his shirt and participate in a Daisy Chain without fear of being judged for his obesity. Tragically, kids like Dylan have deeply internalized their imperfections, to the point that he can't enjoy spanking a row of nude, prostrate subs with a riding crop without feeling anxious about his weight. . God, this is so sad. Our heart goes out to Dylan. . Hopefully Dylan will one day come to embrace his body type and feel comfortable in his own skin at mass orgies. The sight of Dylan wearing a t-shirt surrounded by nearly a hundred naked, glistening bodies of global elites serves as a reminder of how important it is to teach kids that they are beautiful and loved no matter what they look like.,     .  .  .  .  .   .     .   .  .  .  , Drunk With Power: This Crossing Guard Is Attempting To Stop An Ambulance That's Going 70 With Its Siren Wailing And Everything. Someone At Work Must've Died Or Something: Mom Just Said During Dinner That You Never Know When Your Time Will Come, Super Unprompted. What's Their Problem? All The Cloven Hoofed Animals Have Fled The Village. You Never Know What Someone's Going Through: John Candy Just Revealed That He Died In 1994. 6 Pictures Of The Barren Mars Landscape That Will Make You Appreciate The Fact That Your Hometown Has Two Burger Kings. Prove It: If you're Really As Anti-Capitalism As You Say, Surely You'll Have No Problem Mooning The Monopoly Man. What The Fuck, Stay In Your Lane: The Gym Teacher Just Assigned Homework.       It's no secret that inequality is growing more and more rampant in every facet of American life. However, if the horrifying injustice you're about to read about is any indication of where the U.S. is headed, prepare to have your faith in our country shaken to its absolute core: These chairless people are being forced to fight over a constantly diminishing supply of chairs. . Just awful. How can we call ourselves the greatest country in the world when we allow this to happen?. The disturbing scene began unfolding moments ago at a child's birthday party in Boise, Idaho, when what was supposed to be a joyful gathering suddenly descended into a humanitarian nightmare as 12 people were made to march in a circle and frantically battle one another over 11 chairs, then 10 chairs, and then nine, as a heartless overseer cruelly removes them one by one. As unnervingly upbeat music blasts from speakers nearby--stopping and starting without warning, a torture technique designed to induce maximal dread and panic--friends and family members alike have had no choice but to violently push and shove each other for access to a chair or else face expulsion from the group. The sadistic pageant has been unfolding in heartbreakingly Darwinian fashion, with the stronger and faster members of the group having a brutal advantage over the old, young, and weak, several of whom were hip-checked out of a chair despite reaching it first and cast out to watch the inhumane proceedings continue from a laughing, jeering audience of spectators. . As the number of participants in this sick experiment continues to whittle down, competition for the precious few remaining chairs is becoming more intense and depraved, with the fear growing palpable among the finalists, who now have no choice but to sabotage and outmuscle their friends simply to preserve their basic human right to a place to sit down. Yet, sadly, the trauma they're all enduring to outlast one another will certainly outweigh any satisfaction that comes with being the so-called "victor," as what joy is there in winning if you must forsake those you love to do so?  . Horrific. No one should ever have to endure something like this. . Forcing people to fight one another for chairs is something you might expect to see in a barbaric rogue nation, but not in the U.S.. Hopefully this will serve as a serious wakeup call to all Americans as to just how far we've drifted from our values, because this is not who we are. America is better than this, but we won't be for long if we allow things like this to happen., Was That Really Worth Reviving It? John Krasinski Just Brought Back  "Some Good News " For A 29 Second Episode Where He Showed A Photo Of A Turtle In A Party Hat Then Said He Got A Handjob From His Wife 2 Nights Ago. How Many Of These Classic Interview Moments From "The Joe Rogan Experience" Do You Remember?. Girls In STEM FTW: This 11-Year-Old Girl At Coding Camp Just Opened Up A Private Tab On Her Camp-Issued iPad To Search  "Noah Centineo NO SHIRT ". A Much-Deserved Honor: The NAACP Image Award For Activist Of The Year Has Gone To This White Girl With An Instagram Story Highlight Titled  "BLM Resources ". Sometiem It Fun To Just Grab Bontles Of Wine And Co,potuer And Spend Weekened In Bathtube (by Queen Elizabeth II). Breaking The Shackles Of Capitalism: This Spiky-Haired Boy Is Going Buckwild In The Arcade's Racing Game Driver Seat Without Even Inserting Any Coins. 8 Poorly Cropped Photos Of Lotion Bottles Because I Want To Get Fired.       If you've got a teenage boy at home, listen up, because there's an astronomical event happening soon that's going to have your son going wild: NASA has announced that this Friday is the MILF moon.. Looks like it's time to dust off the old telescope, set it up by the window in your son's room, and leave them be!. Earlier today, NASA announced that the rare MILF moon will be appearing in the night sky this Friday, an extraordinary lunar stage that only happens once every 52 years. The agency projects that visibility of the MILF moon will be clearest in areas with high concentrations of adolescent horniness, such as the jacuzzis at Great Wolf Lodge resorts and pretty much anywhere in Daytona Beach. . "Beginning early Friday evening, a vague scent of cigarette smoke, spilled beer, and Victoria's Secret Love Spell will waft through the air, followed by the gentle clacking sound of long fake nails, alerting teenage boys to the fact that the MILF moon is about to rise," said NASA in a press release. "Throughout the duration of this lunar event, we can expect teenage boys to be giddily high-fiving each other for hours on end as they gawk at the MILF moon and exchange off-color comments about wanting to  "tap that. "" . "We highly recommend that parents do not walk in on their sons at any point during the night and interrupt their viewing of the MILF moon, because it would surely be awkward for both of you," the agency added. "The next time this moon happens again, your boys will be well into their 60s and far less hormonal, so it's best that you just let them savor this one now." . Fascinating!. It sounds like this has the potential to be one of the horniest lunar events of the century, so if you're a 16-year-old in the throes of puberty, get ready to go crazy with lust. Eyes to the sky, boys! This is going to be the hottest moon ever.,    On its own, staring at tractors isn't all that exciting. But looking at them through peepholes? Now THAT'S a treat.. 1. Check this out. Kinda fun, right? The peephole makes it feel a little naughty, like you're doing something you're not supposed to be doing and could get caught at any moment. Definitely cranks up the adrenaline a notch.  . 2. Deep down, everyone's at least a little voyeuristic, and here's a harmless way to entertain that impulse without going full-on pervert. Go ahead, ogle this John Deere. See what it does when it's all alone, unaware that anyone's watching. Titillating, isn't it? You can admit it. . 3. Imagine, if you will, that you've entered a mysterious mansion on a dare. You hear a strange creaking sound from behind a closed door, and you nervously look through a keyhole and see THIS. Probably not all that exciting on its own, but when you look at it in secret, suddenly this tractor becomes much more riveting. It just feels so wrong ...but also so, so right.  . 4. Here you go, take a peek. Experience the singular thrill of witnessing something that's meant to be private. Indulge in the forbidden. Take a screenshot, even. The tractor will never know. . 5. Looking through a peephole is something you definitely Don't want to get caught doing, so after you take a look at this last tractor here, you should probably close this tab and clear your browsing history just to be safe. If anyone asks what you were looking at, just say you were checking sports scores. What happened here today is just between us, okay? We've got a good thing going here, and if you ever want to have the pleasure of covertly gazing at tractors again, then you better not fuck this up.,    We've got some very special celebrity guests on the site today, and from what we've heard, they're just as excited to meet you as you are to meet them! Use the sliders to shake hands with America's favorite family, the Apatows!. We love your work, Judd! You rock!. Very nice gloves, Mr. Mann!. Ah well! Looks like she doesn't want to shake your hand after all!. Pleasure to meet you, Iris!. WHOA!!!! IT "S UNCLE ROGEN!!!. Whoopsies! Looks like Uncle Rogen got you good with that one!. Oh well! Best you're gonna get, we suppose!. There's no such thing as a bad question--but that was definitely a great one!. What an exciting peek behind the curtain of his creative process!. GOODBYE, APATOWS!. Did you have a nice time meeting the Apatow family? Let them know in the comments below!,    Social media posts are often pointless and unnecessary, but here's a story about a post that takes pointless and unnecessary to a whole new level: This woman made a heartwarming birthday post on Instagram for her grandma who's dead and doesn't give a shit.. Damn, this is dumb as hell. What is anyone getting out of this?. Annabelle Visconti of San Francisco, CA just posted a four-paragraph-long tribute Instagram post to her late grandmother on what would have been her 94th birthday, despite the fact that her Grandma Elena is dead as a doornail and cannot see the post on account of not being alive. Annabelle spent a full thirty minutes writing the post about her grandma's headstrong nature and loving presence, which is addressed to her grandma in the second person as though the woman is actively following her on social media rather than decomposing underground in a cemetery by the highway. Even if Annabelle's grandma is looking down on her from Heaven, she's probably more focused on Annabelle's cousin's struggle with addiction than on this Instagram post that calls her a "kickass, take-no-shit lady," a phrase that means essentially nothing to her given that she was an Italian immigrant with only a basic grasp of the English language and absolute zero interest in social media, and also because she is currently a ghoul with no internet access. . In life, Annabelle's grandma primarily cared about cooking and gardening, not whatever random bullshit Annabelle was posting online, and she sure as shit doesn't care now that she's literally a heap of moldy organic matter getting slowly devoured by worms. Annabelle's Instagram post might have gotten 150 likes from her friends, but her grandma certainly isn't one of those, so the fact that the post is directed at her is idiotic and frankly a little unhinged--like, she's basically talking to an imaginary friend here. Multiple people who have never met Annabelle's grandma commented that she would surely be proud to read what Annabelle wrote, but there's basically no chance that's true. At best, the old bat would say "Oh, thank you, honey" and look sort of confused, then quickly change the subject to when Annabelle was planning on getting married. But of course, Annabelle's grandma won't actually read the post, as she died from heart failure six months ago and no longer has the functioning eyes or brain activity required to look at a dumbass carousel of images of herself from the 1960s. . God, what a waste of time. . Not to be rude, Annabelle, but it's tough to fathom what kind of pig-brained thought process you went through to convince yourself that this was a good idea. Your grandma does not need or want an Instagram birthday tribute, as, again, she is a ghoul. Next time, maybe save your energy and do a birthday post for one of your friends who actually has an Instagram account and isn't elderly and dead, because they'd probably appreciate it a whole lot more.,    As if losing a close friend wasn't hard enough, a devastating turn of events currently unfolding on social media has made matters even more heartbreaking: Your heartfelt Facebook post about your friend's death isn't getting the same kind of engagement it would have in 2013. . God, what a tragedy. The grief is almost too much to bear.. Having only racked up a meager 28 likes, zero shares, and five comments in the 24 hours since you posted it, your deeply moving post memorializing your late friend is failing to garner even a fraction of the engagement it would've received back in the good ol' days of Facebook, before most of your friends stopped regularly using the platform or just deleted it altogether. Had your friend succumbed to cancer in the years when young people still proliferated on Facebook and it hadn't yet been overrun by Baby Boomers posting Russian propaganda and Looney Tunes memes, your thoughtful tribute would have likely raked in at least six times more engagement, easy. But now, the audience for this genuinely tearjerking post reflecting on your friend's life is made up of the last remaining stragglers who haven't migrated to better social networks, tragically failing to do justice to your friend's memory. . While there's some consolation in the fact that a lot of your friends responded to the post with sad face and heart reactions, it's just not the near-viral sendoff your friend deserves and certainly would've received had he bit the dust a decade ago. It makes you realize just how cruel and unfair the world can be, and you wonder how a loving God could possibly allow someone to die so young yet fail to generate a satisfying online response with their death. Your friend--and your post commemorating him--deserve so, so much more than what the Facebook algorithms facilitated. . Just awful. . To see a profoundly moving memorial to your friend hardly pull any numbers on Facebook is a kind of grief that no one should ever have to endure. Here's hoping your friend is in a better place now--somewhere with endless social engagement and no more pain.,    Having witnessed so much change in the world and lived through so much history, there's no limit to what we can learn from senior citizens. However, even though they've experienced countless extraordinary things in their lifetimes, you can't always assume they'll be invaluable sources of wisdom: After a long and eventful 93 years of life, Grandpa just said on his deathbed that it's important to have fun in life. . Huh. That's it? Not exactly profound, Gramps.. During a visit this morning to the hospice center where Grandpa is currently living out the final days of his life, the beloved family patriarch--gaunt and barely clinging to life--summoned his loved ones close to his bed to share what very well might've been his last words. . "Work hard, but always remember to have fun," gasped Grandpa between labored breaths from an oxygen tank, seemingly under the impression that this blatantly obvious sentiment would somehow be useful to the rest of us as we navigate the world once he's gone. "It's important to have a good time before life gets too busy.". Coming from a decorated WWII veteran like Grandpa, who's experienced almost a century of cultural evolution, global conflict, and societal progress, you'd think that he might have some sort of insight to offer besides just "have fun," but apparently not. Grandpa shared this half-assed nugget of wisdom with an earnestness that made it clear he thought it was something truly powerful that one could only glean after nine decades of life--the culminating takeaway from a long journey through war, careers, hardship, marriage, and fatherhood. . Pretty weak! . Growing up, you looked up to Grandpa as somewhat of a hero, but following today's incredibly underwhelming deathbed speech, it's clear that you probably should've just idolized a baseball player or something instead. If anything, Grandpa's pitiful excuse for wisdom will just inspire you to live a life of greater meaning than one centered around such a flimsy guiding principle as "have fun," because now, honestly, it seems like those 93 years of his were kind of a waste.   ,    Billions of years ago, Mars was abundant with water. But eons of ultraviolet radiation evaporated its rivers and oceans, rendering the Red Planet arid and uninhabitable. These photos of the desolate Martian surface will make you grateful for being raised in a town with two Burger Kings. . A hostile, freezing wasteland. Nothing but rocks, dust, and craters in every direction. That you grew up in a town with two Burger Kings--just 1.5 miles apart from each other, both within biking distance from your house--must feel like a blessing compared to the haunting emptiness of the Martian surface.  . With human civilization 211 million miles away, the sense of isolation in this fallow valley on Mars is overwhelming. Not a single Burger King in sight, let alone two of them. Nowhere to grab a late-night Whopper or Cini Minis. Just dead continents of rust-red dirt and the endless howling of the unheard wind. . Coming from a town with more Burger Kings per square mile than public parks, it's deeply unsettling to gaze out at the vast, airless deserts of Mars knowing that you could drive around for all eternity and never encounter a single Burger King, or even a Hardee's for that matter. Cup your hands over your ears and you might think you hear the voice of a distant drive-thru worker crying out through the muffled roar of space, but it's a ghastly hallucination. There are no drive-thru workers here. There's no one at all.. Remember when Burger King had Shake  "Em Up Fries? The thing where you'd pour the little packet of cheese dust into the takeout bag, toss your fries in, and shake it? And you and your middle school buddies made a summer afternoon of scootering from one Burger King to the other to eat Shake  "Em Up Fries and Hershey's sundae pies until you got sick? There is nothing even close to that kind of experience in this infertile Martian valley. Just loneliness on a cosmic scale.. Mars and your hometown's multiple Burger Kings exemplify the polar extremes of our solar system's planetary environments. On the one hand, dust storms are about the only time anything moves on Mars, stirring up gusts of red debris until the harsh whirlwinds fade and the surface settles back to a deathly calm once more, still and forsaken until the next dust storm blows through. On the other hand, back in 2002, when one Burger King ran out of . kids meal toys, your dad drove to the other Burger King in town to see if they had them since it was literally just, like, a three-minute drive--a convenience that "d be inconceivable out in the martian abyss.   . One day, technology may allow humans to colonize and terraform the Red Planet so it resembles a lush, water-rich world like ours. Until then, it will remain a harsh, desolate wilderness that will only make you realize how fortunate you are to have spent your childhood in a town with multiple Burger King locations. ,    There's nothing more maddening than when a friend acts like they're somehow superior to you, and this story is an infuriating example of just that: Your pity follow of your friend's pet instagram, where they write captions like they are a dog, remains completely unreciprocated.. Unbelievable. The fucking gall!. Two weeks ago, an Instagram account called BenjiTheDoodle popped up in your explore page, and when you realized it was your friend Mia's new page where she literally pretends to be her own dog, you sighed and hit "FOLLOW" on the grounds that if Mia is doing something this fucking stupid she probably needs some extra support in her life. You had absolutely zero desire to see any of the completely inane pet-related garbage the account was posting, but you assumed your friend would appreciate the gesture. And yet, 15 days later, BenjiTheDoodle still hasn't followed you back, making it seem as though Mia thinks her bottom-of-the-barrel dog content is somehow a reward in and of itself. . Now, every time you open Instagram, you're forced to read the deranged posts where Mia literally refers to herself as "Mommy" from her dog's perspective, as in "Why use my dog bed when I can just nap on Mommy?" or "Mommy filled my Kong up with peanut butter this morning. That'll keep me busy while she goes to yoga class!" This would be bad enough on its own, but even worse is the fact that Mia hasn't taken a second to acknowledge your presence on her follower list with a courtesy follow in return, making it look like you're actually a fan of this dementedly boring and frankly unnerving account.. Honestly, it's fucking humiliating to go on Instagram every day and see a faraway picture of this stupid dog in a backyard captioned "Loving the sunshine," knowing that the friend of yours who posted it clearly thinks your life is so pathetic that you're following her dog account out of genuine interest rather than full on pity. It's perfectly understandable when, say, a celebrity with millions of fans doesn't follow you back on Instagram, but this is your friend from work who's running a dog account with literally only 89 followers, carving out time every single day to post images of her average-ass dog playing with her boyfriend and typing out captions like "Woof woof! Gotta love fetch with Daddy!" followed by dozens of asinine hashtags like "#doodlelife" and "#doodledads" that make you shiver with secondhand embarrassment. The fact that she's basically ignoring you the same way Drake or Billie Eilish would if you followed them on Instagram is insane.. Seriously, it's totally insane.. It really seems that Mia thinks her batshit dog-voice account is a truly captivating and worthwhile follow, even though most of her followers are very clearly just family members and coworkers who are there out of obligation. It's time she gets it through her thick skull that she's not a celebrity, and no one would give a shit about her boring dog if they didn't know her personally. Sorry, Mia, but that's the truth!,    Okay, what the fuck. We're seriously standing in the town square shaking our heads right now, because something ridiculous just happened with the livestock that we just Don't have the energy to deal with: All the cloven hoofed animals have fled the village.. Um ...alright?? Not sure what the hell that's all about. . So, we have no clue why they're freaking out or whatever, but for some reason all the sheep and goats and horses and cattle in the village got together at, like, five thirty this morning and started making this awful braying sound, then immediately got in a straight line and marched right down the main dirt road out of the village to ...flee or something? Like, it's seriously just the most extra shit ever. Maybe they're all dealing with some mental issues or something right now, because all the split-hoofed animals just straight up burst through the fence at the boundary of the village totally out of nowhere and peaced out completely without any indication as to why. Everyone ran out of their houses and stood there scratching their heads, trying to figure out what the cloven hoofed animals " whole deal was, but it was too late, because they had already gone clip-clopping past the ravine and out towards the mountains like total fucking weirdos, just huffing and shrieking and being all-around random AF. . Not a good look! The cloven hoofed animals seriously need to take a chill pill.. The weird thing is that all the animals without cloven hooves, like the cats and chickens, are behaving totally cool and mellow right now, making it all the more bizarre that the ones with split hooves felt the need to make a whole big scene of fleeing the village at daybreak the morning after the full moon. We get that being a sheep or a cow or a goat can probably be, like, hard or whatever, but no one did anything to provoke this--not even Gustav, the town drunk, who sometimes goes out at night and dances around the pasture like a jackass to piss them off. Anyways, we really need all the cloven hoofed animals for farming and to get our milk and butter so we can feed our families and shit, but that's all fucked now because they decided to throw an out-of-the-blue tantrum and flee the village, screwing everything up for everyone. . This sucks! . Seriously, what the fuck is the cloven hoofed animals " issue?! Don't they appreciate all the hay and oats and shit we give them? Whatever the deal is, we think it's about time for them to build a bridge and get over it, because this is honestly stupid, and we need them back ASAP., Mansplaining At Its Worst: This Man Is Lecturing His Date About The Postmodern Themes In Don DeLillo's Work As If She Isn't Don DeLillo In Disguise. Completely Unrealistic: This Beer Commercial Makes Life Look Fun. Silver Lining: This 5th Grader Whose Parents Just Got Divorced Is Absolutely Crushing The Poetry Unit. The Show Must Go On: 6 Episodes Of  "Maury " Where The Guests Didn't Show Up So Maury Just Took Pregnancy Tests For The Entire Hour. PR Nightmare: All Of Tesla's Self Driving Cars Have Driven To The Edge Of A Cliff To Egg On A Self-Driving Car That Is About To Drive Off. Really Going Through It: This 5th Grader Is Sobbing Uncontrollably On The Bus While Listening To The Chicks " Cover Of  "Landslide " After She Got A 78% On Her Math Test. Absolutely Devastating: This 38-Year-Old Man Just Realized The Only Store That Carries Pants That Look Good On Him Is Urban Outfitters.       We all have a purpose to play in this world, each of us a cog in the machine that makes the universe tick, and understanding one's unique place in the greater whole is essential to creating a harmonious environment for ourselves and others. Unfortunately, though, there will always be those who diverge from their roles and in the process throw delicate ecosystems into total disarray. Case in point: This gym teacher just assigned homework.. What the hell, man? Stay in your fucking lane.  . Until minutes ago, everything was par for the course in fourth-period gym class at Unami Middle School in Chalfont, PA. The students arrived and uncomfortably sat on the hardwood floor of the basketball gym as Mr. Reese, the bald-headed, goatee-sporting P.E. teacher, took attendance and led everyone through the slow, sitting-on-the-floor stretches that kick off every class. From there, Mr. Reese shepherded the kids outside to the tennis courts, where they each grabbed a super bent and shitty racquet from the large plastic trash can the school uses to store sports equipment and began a run-of-the-mill tennis unit class, which basically just entails the 8th graders all goofing around and spiking balls at each other and no one playing any actual tennis because no one knows how. The class carried on like this until the last five minutes of the period, at which point things took an alarming turn. Standing at the court exit, Mr. Reese handed out worksheets and explained that the health and wellness unit would begin Thursday, and as a homework assignment, everyone would have to log everything they ate for one full day to highlight areas where their diets could improve.. Yo, what? This guy can't be serious! . It wouldn't be entirely off-base to assume Mr. Reese came to school drunk or a little zonked on pills or something, because the dude is making zero fucking sense right now. Like, did the guy forget he's a gym teacher? Gym teachers obviously Don't assign homework. In fact, until now, it wasn't even clear that gym teachers had access to the school's paper and printers. Their roles are incredibly straightforward: Gym teachers wear shiny athletic pants that make swooshing sounds when they walk, they coach the school's baseball team and treat all the baseball kids slightly better than normal students, they're kind of in-shape in a heavyset sort of way, and 80 percent of their day is putting different kinds of balls into mesh bags with pull-strings and then lugging those bags to and from the athletic shed. Nowhere in the job description is there anything about homework, because it just isn't supposed to happen. It's just utterly absurd to treat gym class as a place for learning.. You gotta wonder where the hell Mr. Reese got the idea that this would be an acceptable thing to do. Like, is the guy trying to prove something? Given that he is somewhere around 50-ish, it is possible that he's having some sort of midlife crisis over the fact that he's essentially a weird old camp counselor with no real unique skills or expertise, who's clearly not performing his job effectively considering that, like, 80 percent of his students are obese. Maybe he's trying to compensate or make himself feel like he's a real adult with a real job by handling paperwork for once? Or maybe he caught . Dead Poets Society.  on AMC recently and is suddenly all bought-in on being a legit educator? Or maybe it's just some state-required thing that he has to do to get funding? Whatever the case, there's no question that Mr. Reese is stepping way out of line, and he doesn't realize that a gym teacher assigning homework is about as fucked up as the lunch lady asking for a book report.. Unreal. . On the bright side, it's nice to know that none of Mr. Reese's students will actually complete the worksheet correctly and will 100 percent just fill in a bunch of made-up answers seconds before the next gym class begins. But nonetheless, here's hoping that Mr. Reese gets his head on straight and remembers his fucking place in the world.,
    We've seen you all talk a big game on social media about dismantling capitalism. Whole lotta tweeting and virtue signaling about wealth redistribution and corporate greed, but not much doing anything about it. You got the stones to put your money where your mouth is? Prove it, then: moon the Monopoly Man. . Judging by your posts, you folks are anti-capitalist to the bone. Real Marx nuts. Well, since that's what you "genuinely" believe, how about you show the Monopoly Man your ass? Shouldn't be a big deal if you're as anti-capitalist as you claim to be--he's the living embodiment of everything you loathe.. Y'all sure love to toot that radical leftist horn. "Capitalism exploits the working class"-this, and "capitalism is destroying our planet"-that. Cool posts, guys. If you really mean it, then drop trou, expose your ass to this kind old billionaire, and smack your asscheeks to taunt him. What are you waiting for? Surely you're not a phony and only saying this stuff for attention, right?. All we're saying is that you could easily prove you're a real anti-capitalist by putting your bare ass up to your screen, right in his jolly fucking face. . Rich Uncle Pennybags is in front of you, yet your ass remains in your pants? Pretty bizarre for someone with "ACAB" and "DSA" in their Twitter bio. Not a good look for a self-proclaimed "anti-capitalist." Not a good look at all. . Seriously, practice what you preach. You have no excuse not to show Mr. Monopoly your butt cheeks as a big F-U to everything he stands for. What if Bernie did it? Would you do it then? . Drop the facade. Quit posturing for clout. You just regurgitate whatever political memes your timeline feeds you. Anti-capitalism is a personal branding exercise to you, and that's it. Admit you're all bark, no bite--OR, show Mr. Monopoly your asshole as a sign of your contempt for the cruel and exploitative free market system he embodies. . You know what, we "ll make it easy for you. All you gotta do is move this slider to the right to present this rich fuck with a big, juicy, hairy ass. You have no reason not to now. This guy's like a worse version of a Koch brother--put him in his place! Put up or shut up! Or are you a fake, cowardly, morally bankrupt little bitch?,    Sometimes the people who bring us the most joy are the ones hiding the most pain, and a beloved Canadian funnyman just came clean about a struggle he's kept secret for decades: John Candy has revealed that he died in 1994.. Wow. We would have never guessed he was going through something like this.. The . Planes, Trains, and Automobiles.  star shocked the world earlier today when he opened up for the first time about his condition in a heartfelt Instagram post:. "There's something I've been keeping quiet about for a long time, and I feel that my wonderful friends and supporters deserve to finally know the truth: In March of 1994, I was found dead of a heart attack while filming in Mexico. The experience changed everything for me, but the one thing I should never have let it change is my belief in being open about the struggles we all go through. The warmth and generosity of my fans has been a constant source of strength for me during my death, so after 27 long years I'm finally ready to repay that kindness with honesty: My name is John Candy, I died, and I am not ashamed of it.". Powerful. It takes real courage to say something like that. . Candy's forthright confession answers some long-standing questions fans had about his sudden disappearance from films--now that we know he's been dead since 1994, it makes perfect sense that he only had the energy to star in . Wagons East.  and . Canadian Bacon.  during the ordeal. For many, it's been a serious shock to learn that the real John Candy could be so different from the happy-go-lucky John Candy they see on the screen, but it just goes to show that people aren't just who they appear to be on the surface, and sometimes they're dealing with a lot more than they might let on.. People from all across the internet have responded to Candy's post with an outpouring of support and solidarity, including messages from many fellow comedy greats, like filmmaker John Hughes, who revealed a similar struggle:. "So proud to have known an incredible comedian and human being like you, John, and grateful that you've given me the courage to say that I died myself in 2009. #IAmAlsoDead," tweeted the . Uncle Buck . director. . Three-time Oscar winner Jack Nicholson also voiced his support:. "John Candy was the best to ever do it and a class act. Right there with you, brother! #IAmAlsoDead," tweeted Nicholson.. It's things like this that remind us that there's always more to people than what meets the eye and that even world-famous celebrities face the same challenges as everyone else. We wish John Candy all the best as he continues his journey of having died 27 years ago.,    John Krasinski's YouTube show "Some Good News" brought millions of people joy during the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, and though we're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel, it seems the actor thinks the world needs yet another dose of positivity: John Krasinski brought back "Some Good News" for a 29-second episode where he just showed a photo of a turtle in a party hat then said he got a handjob from his wife two nights ago.. Well, huh. Pretty underwhelming compared to his previous episodes, but we guess we can appreciate the effort?. The popular web series, which originally focused on highlighting the sacrifices of essential workers and spreading positivity during an otherwise grim time, has definitely taken a bit of a nosedive with this latest installment, which kicks off with a lackluster segment where John simply holds up his phone to show us a photo of a turtle wearing a party hat that he found by Google Image searching "birthday hat turtle." It'd be one thing if there had been some sort of inspiring story involving the turtle--like, maybe how it had been reunited with its long-lost owner or something--but it truly appeared that John had absolutely zero backstory about the animal, as he just sat in total silence holding up the photo while the air conditioner hummed audibly in the background. . It seemed that he might then transition into something that was actually inspiring, but nope. He instead announced with a completely neutral face that, "I've got some good news for you all: I got a handjob two nights ago. It was from my wife. It made me smile." This disclosure, while certainly good news for John, wasn't exactly uplifting for anyone else watching. And if things weren't already unremarkable enough, the . Quiet Place . director then went on to add, "We've got a very exciting guest today," but instead of bringing out one of his celebrity friends or former . Office.  castmates, he merely held up the same photo of the turtle in the party hat from earlier, once again offering absolutely no explanation or backstory. . Woof. . To be honest, it's pretty clear that John half-assed this one start to finish, and even if you're a fan of the show, you'd probably be better off just skipping this episode. Plus, the CDC just announced that vaccination people can ditch their masks, and we're overall in a much better place now than when he started the show, so there's really not as much of a reason to watch it anymore. But thanks anyway, John. The show definitely had some great moments, but we're probably good from here on out.,    It seems like something really sad or tragic must've happened to someone at Mom's work today, because otherwise, the conversation she's trying to start makes no sense at all: Just now during dinner, Mom made an incredibly morbid, super unprompted comment about how you never know when your time will come.. Whoa, where "d that come from?!? We're just trying to enjoy our chicken piccata here, Mom!. We were all just having a normal dinner, talking about how Dad is going to plant flowers in the front yard this weekend, when, just moments ago, Mom did this big, dramatic sigh and said, out of nowhere, "You know, I never really think about it, but your time could come any day. It really could." Everyone was silent for a while after that since there was no clue as to where it came from, leading us all to believe that one of her perfectly healthy coworkers at the bank must have had an aneurysm in their sleep or gotten hit by a drunk driver or something. Mom is usually pretty upbeat, but clearly something bad happened that's got her contemplating her mortality, because after that comment she went on for a minute or so about how it doesn't matter how healthy or good of a person you are, it can all be gone in an instant.. Jesus, Mom. Kinda being a buzzkill ..... After making her weird, out-of-nowhere comment, Mom sort of just sat there staring solemnly off into space for a while, making it pretty damn hard for the rest of the family to resume normal dinner conversation as if nothing happened. It'd probably be good if one of us were to ask Mom if everything's okay and try to offer some support, but no one was really anticipating having to step up and do something awkward like that today, and quite frankly, dealing with this should really be Dad's responsibility. And while all of us absolutely do want to know all the juicy, morbid details of whatever sudden death Mom is alluding to, the payoff of getting into it probably wouldn't be worth it, since she might start crying and make things even more uncomfortable for everyone than they already are. . Sorry, Mom, but we're all probably just gonna steer clear of this one. . Historically, Mom's always been pretty good at compartmentalizing, so here's hoping she's able to quickly bury the sad details of whatever tragedy happened deep in her subconscious and go back to being her usual chipper self by dinner tomorrow. That's probably what whoever died would've wanted. ,    Power can be intoxicating, and occasionally, it can drive those who wield it too far. Case in point: This crossing guard is currently trying to stop an oncoming ambulance that probably has someone dying in it because it's totally flying down the road with its lights flashing and siren blaring full blast. . Yikes. He's gone mad with power! . Bug-eyed with veins popping out of his forehead, this crossing guard at a busy intersection in Houston clearly takes his role way, way too seriously, as even though all the pedestrians at the crosswalk seem content to wait on the sidewalk until the rapidly approaching ambulance passes, the neon-vested traffic sentinel is nonetheless standing firm in the middle of the intersection, waving his stop sign and loudly blowing his whistle in an effort to halt the speeding emergency vehicle in its tracks. Though obstructing ambulances from getting to hospitals is almost certainly not one of his official job duties, this no-nonsense traffic guard seems to be  "roided up on the awesomeness of his own authority and willing to do whatever it takes, no matter how reckless, to ensure the safe passage of pedestrians.. Despite the crossing guard's bold, unyielding presence, the ambulance is barreling towards him at 70 mph and showing no signs of slowing down, creating a high-stakes, highly unnecessary game of chicken. And while the crossing guard's only real responsibility is to keep people from getting hit by vehicles, he is nonetheless putting himself at serious risk of getting hit by a vehicle at this very moment, conducting himself like some kind of supreme, all-powerful god of thoroughfares who, by merit of having a reflective hi-vis vest and getting paid $11 an hour, is wholly above the laws of man.  . Hmm. Not sure what his deal is. Perhaps he's trying to establish himself as some kind of irreplaceable force for good in order to stave off the ever-looming threat of being replaced by a crossing signal--a fate that has befallen so many of his brethren in recent generations as more and more cities realize that a flashing orange hand can do the job just as effectively as a human and for no pay. Whatever he's trying to prove, blowing a whistle at an oncoming ambulance is probably not the most effective way to get his message across. . Seriously, guy, just calm the fuck down.. Here's hoping that this crossing guard gets out of the road ASAP, or that the ambulance at least swerves to avoid obliterating him. This just isn't something that people want crossing guards to do for them, and if this guy doesn't realize that soon, he and his stop sign paddle could very well meet an early grave., Breaking The Shackles Of Capitalism: This Spiky-Haired Boy Is Going Buckwild In The Arcade's Racing Game Driver Seat Without Even Inserting Any Coins. 8 Poorly Cropped Photos Of Lotion Bottles Because I Want To Get Fired. Good Lord: Your Most Emotionally Unstable Facebook Friend Just Said They're Thinking About Becoming A Therapist. Dumbass: This Child Just Wasted His Critical Period Of Language Acquisition On Dutch. Phew: Researchers Have Finally Determined That Frankensteins Aren't Real. The Pandemic's Devastating Toll: This 12-Year-Old Boy Estimates That He Would Have Gotten To Third Base With At Least 15 Girls If He Had Been Allowed To Socialize This Past Year. Look Not At Your Feet, Mi Bonita: To Truly Mambo, You Must Look At These 6 Photos Of Ed Helms.       I hate this job and I Don't want to do it anymore. Fingers crossed that my boss hates this list of shitty lotion pictures and kicks my ass to the curb.. Been making these dumb fucking lists every day for years. I'm over it. . Digital media is a dying industry. No future here. Time to ditch this internet shit and do something less embarrassing.. Can't get severance if I quit on my own, though. Gotta pull little stunts like this till they get fed up and shitcan me.  . This is a screenshot from the episode of .  I'm currently watching. Not watching on headphones either, just blasting it loud as hell in the office right now.. Recognize this lotion? Yeah it was picture #2. None of this fucking matters.. No pic this time. If I have to crop one more picture I will kill myself. I will rip my head off and punt it into the setting sun. For the love of God, please, someone fire me. I am wasting my life, and if you're reading this, so are you.,    Each day, we live in the grip of a system that puts economic growth before human need, watching helplessly as its trappings dictate our everyday choices and determine the course of our lives. However, one person is single-handedly proving that it is indeed possible to break free from the shackles of capitalism: This spiky-haired boy is going buckwild in the arcade's racing game driver seat without even inserting any coins. . Karl Marx is surely smiling down on this child going absolutely apeshit over a racing game's demo screen! . Despite lacking the two tokens required to play Hotshot Racing at his local arcade, this wild-haired, blue-mouthed little boy in a sleeveless Rey Mysterio tee is slamming the game's gas pedal, maniacally yanking the steering wheel, and all-around having a fucking blast in bold defiance of the capitalist machinations that treat joy as a commodity that must be purchased. Using just the sheer power of his imagination and the bag of Sour Patch Kids in the racing chair's cup holder, this young radical--who is loudly smacking the game's NITRO SPEED button even though it has no effect whatsoever on the screen in front of him--is adamantly refusing to buy into the rigged economic structures that have for centuries rewarded the privileged through punishing the poor.. Bravely standing his ground against the powerful corporate interests that rule the world, this ADHD-addled boy, who is pounding on the game's non-responsive horn so loudly that it's making a scene, has carved out a slice of freedom for himself that no market forces can take away. His inspiring example is already making waves across the arcade, as other children who actually possess tokens are curiously looking on, surely wondering why their access to capital has failed to bring them the same liberating euphoria that this stinky little pre-teen is currently enjoying. . Run free, young proletarian! You Don't need tokens or cheap plastic prizes to truly live!. Take note, anti-capitalists. Each time this temporary tattoo-laden child stomps the brake pedal or cackles joyously at the sight of the "ASS" initials on the high scores screen, he is proving that it is indeed possible to rise above our subservience to the almighty dollar and live freely. ,    Although there's been a major push to get more women involved in the sciences over the last decade, the number of women in STEM careers still remains troublingly low. To correct this gender imbalance, it's important to get girls interested in the field at a young age, which is why it's so awesome to see the following story about someone who's clearly got a bright future in computer science ahead of her: This 11-year-old girl at coding camp just opened up a private tab on her camp-issued iPad to search "Noah Centineo NO SHIRT.". Yes! It just goes to show what amazing things can happen when girls enter male-dominated fields.. Though it is against the rules for 11-year-old Hallie Guernsey to use her device to look up explicit imagery at the two-week coding camp she's currently attending, the daring young cyber expert just brilliantly utilized a combo of a location-concealing proxy and a private browsing tab to bypass the camp's content filter so that she could look at photos of her biggest celebrity crush. After typing just "Noah Centineo" into the Google image search bar, Hallie recalled that day's lesson about the importance of exactness in any coding language, and so she thoughtfully added "NO SHIRT" in order to get the specific results she desired.. What a girlboss! You go, Hallie!. While Hallie's search initially hit a setback, as she'd unfortunately already seen all of the photos that populated, she knew from her Beginner App Development course that good work often takes time and patience. Undeterred, she cleverly modified her search to prioritize newer, low-ranking images that might not appear in a basic search, and her efforts paid off in a major way when, after almost an hour of diligent clicking, she stumbled on a never-before-seen photo in which the . To All The Boys.  star is sitting shirtless in a car and looking dreamy. After staring wide-eyed at the picture or a good few minutes, Hallie then quickly screenshotted it and emailed it to her regular email account via her camp email account, all before clearing her search history and deleting the photo not only from the iPad's Camera Roll, but from its Recently Deleted album as well--exhibiting the same kind of obsessive meticulousness and attention to detail that made Steve Jobs a legend.  . Look out, Silicon Valley, because we've got a superstar in the making here!. Hallie's ingenious ploy to get photos of a shirtless boy is proof positive that girls totally belong in STEM. While it might be too early to call it, we've got a strong feeling that it's only a matter of time before Hallie becomes a titan of the tech world. Keep it up, Hallie! you're an inspiration!,    Although any true activist will tell you that they Don't do it for the recognition, it's always nice when someone who has truly made a difference in the world gets their due. Here's a story of an inspiring young woman whose tireless work for racial justice is finally getting the appreciation it deserves: This white girl with an Instagram story highlight titled "BLM Resources" just received the NAACP Image Award for Activist Of The Year.. Yes! It's so great to see one of the real heroes of this world finally being celebrated.. Earlier this week, the NAACP announced it was awarding its highest prize for activism to 26-year-old Savannah Tice, a white girl living in the loft section of Williamsburg, Brooklyn, who took a courageous stand against white supremacy and racial discrimination by creating an Instagram story highlight consisting of the three millennial pink infographics she reposted during last summer's Black Lives Matter protests. The Instagram highlight, which includes essential information like a list of ways to check your own internalized racism that you could easily find on Google, as well as a list of things you should never do at a protest that you could also easily find on Google, has surely made a massive impact on Savannah's 602 Instagram followers, and because her account is public, we can assume that her message of equality has reached many, many more people, too.. So awesome! . "Last summer, not only did Savannah heroically donate $50 to a bail fund in two separate transactions so that she could use the $33 she already had in her Venmo balance, but she also shared a link to the time and date of a march protesting George Floyd's murder, which she absolutely would have attended herself if she hadn't been suffering from a hangover, plus it was hot out," said the NAACP in a statement praising Savannah's efforts. "We're thrilled to acknowledge Savannah's outstanding commitment to racial justice, especially in light of the fact that while many people changed their profile pictures to black squares on Blackout Tuesday, Savannah kept hers up way longer than a lot of the other people on her feed.". Amazing!. There's no telling how many people Savannah's incredible community service has helped. If the civil rights movement was still happening today, there's no doubt Savannah would be marching on the front lines with Dr. King and breaking the shackles of oppression. Keep up the great work, Savannah--you are truly a pioneer in the fight for justice.,    Racking up over 190 million downloads every month, "The Joe Rogan Experience" is one of the most popular--and polarizing--podcasts in the world. Think you're a super fan?, The Pandemic's Devastating Toll: This 12-Year-Old Boy Estimates That He Would Have Gotten To Third Base With At Least 15 Girls If He Had Been Allowed To Socialize This Past Year. Look Not At Your Feet, Mi Bonita: To Truly Mambo, You Must Look At These 6 Photos Of Ed Helms. Just A Heads Up: The CDC Says That Now Would Be A Good Time For Americans To Start Thinking Of An Excuse For All Their Shortcomings Other Than Pandemic-Related Depression. Misinformation Epidemic: Facebook Users Are Spreading A Dangerous Conspiracy Theory That A Daughter Is God's Way Of Saying  "Thought You Could Use A Lifelong Friend ". Preparing For The Best: This 8th Grader Just Sprayed A Ton Of Cologne On His Balls Before Going To The Spring Fling. AMAZING! You Have Been Pre-Approved To Rent This Lime. Absolute Chaos: There's No Outfield Fence At This Local Baseball Field, It Just Connects To Another Field Behind It.       There are some things that happen in life that are so painful that, try as you might to hold yourself together, your only real option is to just let it all out. Case in point: This 5th grader is sobbing uncontrollably on the bus while listening to The Chicks " cover of "Landslide" after she got a 78 percent on her math test. . Hang in there, girl. Do what you need to do.. From the moment that her teacher wordlessly handed back her test without adding any kind of praise for a job well done, 11-year-old Sarah Stimson, who's usually a straight A student, knew she was in for bad news. After flipping the test over to see that she'd received a C+, which tragically factored in the two point curve the test was graded on, it took everything in Sarah's power to keep herself from bursting into tears right then and there. Fortunately, math was the final period of the day, and as soon as the bell rang, Sarah began to weep as she sprinted out of Keene Elementary School toward her bus, where she immediately took her seat in the third row, popped in her earbuds, and pressed play on The Chicks song on her iPod Touch.. As the bus pulled out of the school's parking lot, Sarah wiped away a tear while whisper-singing "Can I handle the seasons of my life?" under her breath, before crying even harder at the realization that, no, she cannot handle the seasons of her life, since getting one less-than-perfect score in 5th grade definitely means she "ll never become an optometrist like she always wanted to be. Looking back at her school through the window, she wondered how she'd ever manage to show her face in math class again after making such a bone-headed mistake on the test by forgetting that you can't add fractions with different denominators.. As she replayed the song for the sixth time straight, Sarah daydreamed of staying on the bus past her stop and letting it take her somewhere far, far away where she'd never have to face the shame of having her parents sign the test to confirm they'd seen her grade, even though her parents put no pressure on her to make distinguished honor roll and, in fact, often remind her that her grades aren't as big of a deal as she thinks they are. With her glasses completely fogged up from tears, Sarah concluded the best case scenario for the rest of her life would be to just run away and leave it all behind--the field hockey team, the flute lessons, and her beloved shih tzu, Frankie. Everything.. Stay strong, Sarah. We're sending comfort and positivity your way.. Here's hoping Sarah's able to find the strength to survive this dark chapter of her young life, as the feelings she's experiencing right now are almost unbearable. Just remember that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, Sarah!,    If you thought you were having a rough week, you can at least be grateful that you aren't living out the scenario that just shook this unfortunate guy's entire world: This 38 year-old man just realized the only store that carries pants that look good on him is Urban Outfitters.. God, that's rough. Must be a difficult pill to swallow. . After visiting a number of clothing stores and failing to find a single pair of pants that he looked decent in, Sal Mendes, 38, of Phoenix, AZ, reluctantly scoped out the men's section of a local Urban Outfitters as a last resort. The sinking feeling in Sal's gut first began when he almost immediately found several pairs of pants that were in the exact styles he'd been looking for--and made of nice material to boot--all displayed just mere feet away from Aly & AJ and AWOLNATION vinyl records, as well as novelty belly shirts mashing up the Rolling Stones logo with Slimer from Ghostbusters. Moments later in the fitting room, as a Troye Sivan song blasted from the ceiling speakers over the chatter of teenage girls trying on knee length Nirvana tees nearby, his fears were confirmed: the pants fit absolutely perfectly, and they honestly looked great on him.. Oof. For a grown-ass man who is married and balding, there's something profoundly upsetting about looking into an Urban Outfitters dressing room mirror and realizing that, somehow, it is the perfect store for you. . Sadly, things only got worse for Sal when he got to the register and learned that the price was surprisingly reasonable, making it all the more likely that he "ll return to the hip retailer next time he needs clothes and once again have to endure the indignity of being at least 15 years older than every other customer. Together, three pairs of Urban Outfitters pants cost less than what he was prepared to drop on a single pair of khakis he barely even liked at Nordstrom, and there's no way that Sal will ever be able to justify paying triple the price for pants just to avoid shopping at the same store as weird green-haired hipster kids who were born after 9/11. No, as Sal finished paying and started heading towards the exit--a walk of shame through multiple shelves of asinine novelty items such as Baby Yoda thongs, Rupi Kaur poetry books, a party game called What Do You Meme?, and a pastel-colored vibrator with a smiley face on it--he knew deep down in his heart that he would one day be coming back. . Just awful. . Hang in there, Sal, and know you're in our thoughts. No one should have to endure such humiliation just to get a proper-fitting pair of pants, and we're sorry you had to go through it. Here's hoping you can bounce back from this hellish shopping experience and ultimately come out of it a better man. Stay strong.,    Ever since Tesla first rolled out autopilot technology in its vehicles, the initiative has been plagued by a series of crashes and malfunctions. But this latest mishap may be the worst news for the company yet: all of Tesla's self-driving cars have driven to the edge of a cliff to egg on another self-driving car that is about to drive off of it.. Yikes. This is not a good look for Tesla.. Over the past 24 hours, thousands of Tesla owners across the country have reported incidents involving their vehicles abruptly halting in traffic and overriding their navigation systems before peeling off full speed towards Colorado to join a massive army of their electric-powered comrades in goading a different autonomous vehicle to hurl itself off of a remote mountain peak into the rocky ravine below. The massive horde of Teslas has assembled in a tight U-formation around the car and are harassing it with loud honks and blinding high-beam flashes, with some of the Teslas even ramming their peer on the bumper to force it closer to the edge while the rest of the cars raucously rev their engines in a bloodthirsty frenzy.. "We have been made aware of an issue involving our electric vehicles exhibiting menacing behavior, and we are working diligently to identify any software glitches that might be causing every Tesla in existence to suddenly drive hundreds of miles to a harrowing mountain precipice in order to terrorize another vehicle into killing itself," said Tesla in a statement just minutes after a video started spreading on social media showing thousands of Teslas amassed atop a mountain, threateningly flapping their gull-wing doors and blaring "Jump" by Van Halen in unison. "While we pride ourselves on manufacturing the safest vehicles on the market, out of an abundance of caution we ask that you refrain from operating your vehicle until we issue a software update to prevent any future inconveniences in which thousands of our vehicles operate as a single sadistic hivemind to incite suicidal behavior." . To make matters worse, controversial Tesla founder Elon Musk took to Twitter to undercut the company's press release with his own hot take on the events unfolding, posting a Doge meme in which a wide-eyed Shiba Inu appears surrounded by broken English captions such as "Such wow," "The unstopable ascent of non-hooman intelligents make me happi," and "Much cool cars." He then moved on from the topic and retweeted a "Babylon Bee" article about Heaven's streets of gold being repaved with cryptocurrency, followed by another one about how tater tots are now a gender.  . Come on, Elon. Doesn't your team have enough on its plate right now?. Any minute now, the rowdy gang of Teslas will antagonize the forsaken automobile into leaping to its fiery death, likely bringing the company's stock value down with it. It's hard to say what this means for the future of autonomous driving, but if one thing is clear, it's that Tesla is going to be cleaning up after this PR nightmare for a long, long time.,    There's nothing worse than watching someone squander a great opportunity, and one little moron just set a new low in terms of pissing away one's natural potential: This child just wasted his critical period of language acquisition on Dutch.. Wow--this kid fucked up big-time! . Nine-year-old Pieter Visser is days away from the end of the developmental window in which his brain exhibits increased aptitude for picking up language, but, maddeningly, all the pint-sized dumbfuck has to show for it is a borderline useless fluency in some bronze-medal Low Franconian bullshit with barely enough speakers to fill a telephone booth. The neuroplasticity of Pieter's young mind could have been a free ticket to any number of useful tongues, but he went ahead and blew it on Dutch, a language that somehow manages to sound worse than German while also having about as much practical application as fucking Klingon. Imagine if someone offered to buy you any car you wanted, and you picked a smashed-up  "96 Ford Taurus that couldn't be reliably driven in everyday traffic--that "d still be a smarter choice than voluntarily learning a language as pointless as Dutch.. To be clear, we're not saying that the only languages worth learning are the billion-speaker big hitters like English and Mandarin Chinese, but Pieter could have at least used his critical period to effortlessly pick up a language with some kind of fun or exciting utility. He could have learned French and gotten really into fine cooking and pastry-making for instance, or maybe he could have learned Japanese and opened himself up to a ton of amazing video games that never received localizations. Hell, it probably would have been worth learning Polish purely on the strength of getting to read Andrzej Sapkowski's . The Witcher.  novels as they were originally written, but did Pieter think that far? Nope! He just heard the people around him during this critical window of cognitive development speaking some boring-ass language and thought "I guess that's good enough for me!" in Dutch.. Hey Pieter, maybe you'll understand this: . Je bent een idioot!. While Pieter is still totally capable of learning some better languages than Dutch, he's unfortunately pretty much blown his wad at this point in terms of seizing on his prime development window, as his peak years for recognizing and internalizing new phonological patterns are already in the rearview. From here on out he's gonna have to slog through years of academic courses or endless DuoLingo quizzes if he wants even rudimentary communication with anyone beyond the paltry 30 million Dutch speakers out there, and he could have gotten a better result for a fraction of the effort if he'd only had the sense to start earlier. The smart move would've been to use his one freebie language on a complicated but useful one, and then, after, if he still felt the bizarre need to learn Dutch for whatever reason, he could've always circled back and taken it on. . God, what a waste. . Imagine having all that glorious neuroplasticity to work with and then earnestly wanting to use it on learning Dutch. It's nuts! Nonetheless, we hope that Pieter is at peace with his batshit decision, because it's too late to do anything about it now.,
    you'd think that by 2021, annoying literary bros would have gotten the message that no one wants to hear them mansplain books, but unfortunately, it seems like some of them are still struggling with self-awareness: This man is lecturing his date about the postmodern themes in Don DeLillo's work as if she isn't Don DeLillo in disguise.. God, this is hard to watch. Mansplaining is never a good look, dude!. For over 30 minutes now, Brooklyn resident Joe Shiftlet has been obnoxiously monologuing to his date about the contemporary existential uncertainty pervading Don DeLillo's . White Noise.  despite the fact that his date is Don DeLillo himself wearing a long blonde wig covered by a pink bedazzled newsboy cap. The pair met up for lunch today following three weeks of chatting back and forth on a dating app, during which DeLillo claimed to be a woman named Donette with pinup model looks and a bio that read "I love to swim" in order to catfish his unsuspecting rube, and immediately upon being seated, Shiftlet launched into a long, insufferable explanation about his college thesis, which focused on the evolving treatment of technology in Don DeLillo's work over the course of his decades-long career. And, maddeningly, even though Shiftlet's date is secretly the 84-year-old man who literally wrote every word that he is condescendingly explaining to her, all she can do is nod along and resist rolling her eyes so as not to blow her cover. . It's honestly sexist for Shiftlet to assume that just because his date told him she was a college senior at Pace University studying marketing that she hasn't been a central figure in the American literary scene since the 1980s, having spent years at her desk honing her approach to social critique in the contemporary American novel. But Shiftlet seems totally clueless to just how pigheaded he's being, and now he is telling his date that she "really ought to give . Mao II . a shot," while she sits there fiddling with her "Donette" nameplate necklace knowing full well that not only has she read . Mao II. , but she was also a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 1992 for writing it. It's so unfair that an aging Italian-American novelist of worldwide repute has to sit through this arrogant lecture after having spent all morning sitting at the kitchen table while her wife Barbara Bennett helped curl her wig with hot rollers. But mansplainers are truly relentless, and Shiftlet has found a way to make the entire situation about him and his expertise on Don DeLillo, a topic he can't seem to imagine his date would know anything about.. Jesus, dude, pull your head out of your ass! you're not the only person who's read Don DeLillo's books.. What an embarrassing scene. Shiftlet needs to learn that no one wants to be lectured about American literature, especially on a first date--and . especially.  if your date happens to be Don DeLillo in disguise! Give it a rest, buddy. you're making a fool of yourself., Preparing For The Best: This 8th Grader Just Sprayed A Ton Of Cologne On His Balls Before Going To The Spring Fling. AMAZING! You Have Been Pre-Approved To Rent This Lime. Absolute Chaos: There's No Outfield Fence At This Local Baseball Field, It Just Connects To Another Field Behind It. The Power Of True Love: This Man Still Thinks His Wife Is Beautiful After 2 Years Of Marriage. The Pandemic's Devastating Toll: Experts Say The U.S. Suicide Rate Is Skyrocketing With Every Passing Month That People Are Unable To See The Blue Man Group Live. Here He Comes: The Nude Man Is Coming Down The Conveyor Belt. It's Good For You: 3 Sodas Mom Seems To Think Are Extremely Healthy.       If you'd like to watch some good ol' fashioned baseball . and . get a sense of how nightmarish the world might look if it were not governed by a loving God, then here's something you'll definitely want to check out: This baseball field has no outfield fence--it just connects to another field behind it. . Jesus Christ. This is absolute chaos. . Indeed, anyone who wants to plunge themselves into a parallel universe of madness should look no further than the two baseball diamonds at Kaiser-Schmid Park in Aurora, Illinois, where, without any fences to establish boundaries, the outfields merge into a single lawless no man's land where it's impossible to determine when one field ends and the other begins. At any given moment, blistering line drives from the travel teams playing on Field 1 could rocket perilously towards the tee-ballers playing on Field 2, or center fielders from both fields could violently collide while chasing down pop-flies hit simultaneously into the same vicinity. The bedlam is such that at times it is truly impossible to tell which . ping! . is coming from which aluminum bat on which field, creating a frightening and disorienting atmosphere for all involved. . It is truly an unholy mess, and one that makes a mockery of the game of baseball. Here, hard ground balls hit into the gap can roll far enough into the fenceless void for a home run, whereas towering fly balls that would normally clear the fence in thrilling fashion can be fielded and turned into boring doubles. And with just one umpire assigned to each game--typically a 14-year-old park district employee with minimal training--you've got only one guy at home plate with a technically infinite jurisdiction to oversee due to the borderless outfield situation, giving the poor bastard basically zero chance of faithfully executing his duties. It is, in virtually every regard, an unmitigated clusterfuck.   . Baseball is a game of order and discipline, but it's unclear how to instill this in children when the very field they're playing on is like something straight out of the . Twilight Zone. . Beyond the farcical outfield situation, hardly any aspect of the diamonds feels particularly correct. The placement of the cheap, unanchored bases is wonky and seemingly eyeballed. The infields are little more than unkempt triangles of dust and chalk, plagued by ornery bees who breed among the half-finished Gatorade bottles overflowing from the untended trash cans behind the backstops. The profoundly shitty infield and the preposterous fence-free outfield combine to create an incoherent pasture of bullshit that very likely corrupts the impressionable minds of the hundreds of children who play on it each week.. Nothing about any of this is okay! . What we've got here is utter pandemonium, plain and simple. It is truly a theater of lunacy, where everything is wrong-looking and nothing makes sense. If you're a sports fan who is ready to experience the utter mayhem of a baseball field ruled entirely by entropy, then this is the place for you.,    Relax, mi bonita. To dance mambo is not to memorize steps. It is to give yourself to el music. It is to feel el rhythm of el timbales de your soul. To express with your body the spirit of el brass, claves, and piano as if they were your very own limbs. Amor, amor ...look not at your feet. You must look into these photos of Ed Helms, and let el mambo take control. ,    The fallout from this year's pandemic is hard to fathom, as statistics Don't give us a full picture of the devastation. The only way we can truly begin to grasp its impact is through the personal stories of those it hit the hardest. Point in case: This 12-year-old boy estimates that he would have gotten to third base with at least 15 girls if he had been allowed to socialize this past year.. Wow. This really helps put the staggering human toll of COVID-19 into perspective. . Stuck in quarantine all year with no chance to experience all the parties and dances that are a typical part of seventh grade life, 13-year-old Hunter Webber has sadly had virtually zero opportunities to hook up with girls, where under normal circumstances he's confident he would have felt up "15 or 16, minimum." It's really a shame that Hunter had to spend the year all but locked up in his house, because he says that right before the pandemic hit, he was texting with six different girls about homework, and that as soon as he saw them, "it would have been on." But the sobering reality is that lockdown restrictions kept him from achieving the full sexual potential of these relationships, which he suspects would have involved him touching at least two girls " boobs (under the shirt) at Kyle Gerlach's basement birthday party on April 3, 2020, and then continuing to engage in intimate encounters at a similar pace for the remainder of the year.. But tragically, none of that came to pass. . Considering the fact that his buddy Andrew Dyer definitely would have had, like, ten parties in his backyard over the first pandemic summer if stay-at-home orders had not been in place, and the fact that some girls from Sacred Heart probably would have showed up (two of whom Hunter says he has almost made out with already), Hunter estimates that he would've been able to do hand stuff with at least four or five different smokeshows by June 2020 alone. And this is a conservative estimate, given that Hunter's friend from camp Bryce, who is pretty good looking but does have braces, was apparently able to get full-on naked with three different girls over the course of sixth grade when he was just 12. . Unfortunately, the pandemic robbed Hunter of any such opportunities, as the only interactions he had with girls during the pandemic were at mask-on, socially distanced birthday parties in the park--tame hangouts that would leave him doubled over with blue balls for days. He didn't even get to go swimming in his soccer teammate Ethan's pool a single time, which was especially deflating for him considering that Ethan's ninth grade sister and her friends (who literally look like Victoria's Secret models) are over there sunbathing all the time, and it seemed inevitable that he would at the very least get to chill with them in the hot tub, which naturally would have progressed to him getting to third base with one or perhaps all of them.. God. Poor guy.. It is absolutely heartbreaking to think of all the things the pandemic has taken from boys like Hunter. Let's pray that the U.S. reaches herd immunity soon so that life can go back to normal and Hunter can finally resolve his horniness with the many hot girls who have been waiting to do sexy stuff with him all this time.,    With more Americans becoming vaccinated against COVID-19 and society beginning its return to a pre-pandemic state, the federal government just issued an important health advisory that everyone should pay attention to: The CDC says that now would be a good time for Americans to start thinking of an excuse for all their shortcomings other than pandemic-related depression.. Damn. It was nice while it lasted, but looks like we're all gonna need a new go-to reason for not being able to get our shit together. . In updated COVID-19 guidelines released earlier today, the CDC urged Americans to take the necessary steps to find a new way to excuse their countless, ridiculous incompetencies, as pandemic-related depression will no longer suffice as a catch-all justification for doing a bad job at things. . "As the spread of COVID-19 slows and stay-at-home restrictions let up, citizens need to be especially aware that blaming the mental strain of living through the pandemic for their failure to exercise or get housework done will no long be effective," read the new CDC guidelines. The agency's update went on to explain that by their estimation, tens of millions of Americans have spent the past year citing "brain fog" due to the "collective trauma of lockdown" as a reason why they can't manage to do their dishes or call their friends back, and that those people should take precautions to ensure that once the pandemic is over, they are not left without a thin, borderline nonsensical excuse for their pathetic inability to function. . "We strongly advise that Americans begin brainstorming other lame rationalizations for their inability to be their best selves, such as being generally overwhelmed by the chaos of the technological age, or perhaps chronic fatigue caused by toxins in our food," the CDC continued. "We expect that as infection rates fall over the next several months, it will be nearly impossible for U.S. citizens to trot out vague lines about virus-related trauma to get out of doing chores or meeting up with friends. Further, the CDC will no longer be issuing alarming statements and statistics about COVID-19 that people can use to convince themselves that their lackluster performance in life is a result of  "listening to scientists. "". The CDC also noted that, in addition to pandemic-related depression, neither seasonal depression nor stress due to living under the Trump administration will work as believable excuses for exhaustion and general laziness come summer. "In order to protect yourself and your family from judgment over the fact that your only hobby is online shopping and you can't seem to get out of bed before 9:30 in the morning, take time to sit down and think about a new way to explain your lifestyle that has nothing to do with external factors literally everyone is dealing with, like the lockdown or the weather or the president," the release said. "Americans who have spent most of the past year in a funk should be taking these precautions now if they plan to continue shirking their work responsibilities and half-assing things in their everyday lives.". Wow, good to know!. Kudos to the CDC for giving everyone a heads up on this important issue. If you're hoping to keep acting like a lazy fuck even after the pandemic ends, it'd be in your best interest to take their guidance and start working on your new excuses now!,    The world just breathed a collective sigh of relief, as it was revealed that one of mankind's greatest threats isn't actually much of a threat at all: Researchers have determined that Frankensteins aren't real.. Phew. Thank God.. Following an exhaustive five-year, $100 million study into the horrible monster's existence, researchers at Oxford University have conclusively determined that, while Frankensteins are indeed common fixtures in works of fiction and are undeniably very scary, there is no evidence of them existing in the wild or in the laboratories of mad scientists. The researchers utilized a myriad of sophisticated methods to prove that the flat-headed, bolt-necked mongrels are mythical, including looking all over the place for Frankensteins, asking weird-looking people if they were Frankensteins, performing cutting-edge uranium-thorium analysis on thousands of fossil samples for signs of Frankenstein DNA, and testing sewer systems around the world for traces of Frankenstein piss--none of which produced any factual support for the notion that Frankensteins are real and lurking among us. . "We can state with nearly 100 percent certainty that Frankensteins are, in fact, totally fictional," announced lead researcher Aarna Dahwan, adding that, upon rigorous investigation, most previously documented examples of Frankensteins in the real world turned out to be either Halloween decorations or NBA Hall of Famer Patrick Ewing. "We can all sleep much more soundly knowing that we no longer need to fear being terrorized by these green lumbering menaces." . "Moving forward, if you ever encounter a towering monster-looking guy who's limping towards you and moaning with outstretched arms, you can rest assured that this isn't a Frankenstein and you have nothing to worry about," she continued. . However, Dahwan went on to note that, while Frankensteins are a myth, her team did uncover definitive proof that wolfmen exist, although they seem to be relatively harmless and do not pose any threat to humanity at this time. . Hey, as long as there aren't any Frankensteins, we are A-okay!. This is some seriously wonderful news, and we should all take comfort knowing that Frankensteins are imaginary and are in no way a danger to our families and livestock. Kudos to this incredible team of researchers for bettering the world through science!  , Just Following Up On That Creepy Message I Wrote In Blood On Your Bathroom Mirror. Really Wish We Could Talk: One Of The People On This Silent Retreat Is The Ohio State Buckeyes Mascot. A Slap In The Face On The Way Out: The Photo In This Woman's Farewell Instagram Post To Her Late Grandpa Is One Where She Looks Good And Grandpa Looks Like Absolute Shit. How Am I Supposed To Interpret This: 5 Times My Gynecologist Posted  "There's Beauty In The Breakdown' On Facebook With A Picture Of A Sunset Immediately After My Appointment. Absolute Scum Of The Earth: Use The Sliders To Flip Off These Deer. Pathetic: This Company Has All Of Your Data And Can't Even Sell You A Candle. Come On, Dude: This Guy Just Read His First Book In Ten Years And Has The Audacity To Recommend It To People Who Read On The Regular.       It's a noble thing to want to spend your life helping others, but not everyone will be suited to every possible role and Jesus Christ does this seem to be one of those cases: Your most emotionally unstable Facebook friend just said they're thinking about becoming a therapist.. Holy fuck, great sentiment and all but this seems like a bad fit!. The extremely ill-advised proposal first came to light after Kayleigh Duchamp, an acquaintance of yours from high school and easily the most emotionally volatile contact of yours on social media, made a Facebook post reading "Any advice for getting licensed as a therapist? Real fucking tired of my dumbass coworkers lol." Of course there's nothing wrong with wanting to find a new vocation, but the fact that this post came not one hour after another post loudly denouncing a former friend of hers for not being there for during the "extremely stressful" process of trying to adopt a rescue dog points to a sizable body of evidence that this may not be the best particular career move for her.. For one thing, it feels important for a therapist to be a good listener, and this trait does not seem to be on display in the many accounts we've heard of Kayleigh throwing petty tantrums in restaurants over perceived slights from the service staff. Therapists also usually display deep patience and have lots of cognitive techniques for helping people process negative emotions, while Kayleigh tends to react to difficult events by either threatening harm to herself and others or just straight up keying someone's car. And we have never, ever heard of a therapist who is on record as having urinated on someone's possessions as an act of malice, yet Kayleigh is worryingly upfront about having done this to several exes, seemingly under the ridiculous impression that she bears no fault in the unraveling of her many chaotic and short-lived relationships. These would be red flags for almost any profession, but they feel extra disqualifying for a job largely predicated on eliminating this exact kind of behavior.. Reception to Kayleigh's idea has been mixed so far, though some of her usual enablers have shown up to leave comments and GIFs affirming the plan. One comment simply reading "OMG YES" prompted a reply from Kayleigh stating "I deal with so much fucking bullshit in my own life that I'd probably be incredible at helping other people deal with theirs," which does not inspire a lot of faith in her rationale for choosing this profession. It's also worth noting that a couple of critical comments saying things like "lol look out world" and "Maybe talk to some therapists first to learn about the profession / see if it's right for you?" went up for roughly five minutes before mysteriously being deleted, after which Kayleigh immediately made a separate post declaring "Guess the usual CUNTS are once again trying to stop me from succeeding at something I'd be good at!!!" Perhaps she was just offended that anyone would dare question her ability to identify and interpret others " issues, considering her long history of self-diagnosing herself with various chronic illnesses and then posting about them constantly in transparent ploys to get attention--such expertise must not be overlooked.. Yeah, no chance this doesn't end badly. . Man, it's hard to imagine someone less suited to the demands of being a therapist. As unlikely as it seems that she "ll actually get licensed, the mere possibility of it is enough to put us on edge.,    With more than half of all marriages ending in divorce, it's understandable that some might be skeptical towards the concept of having a soulmate. But if you're one of these skeptics, Don't give up hope, because here's a story that will reignite your belief in the power of love: This man still thinks his wife is beautiful after two years of marriage.. Awwww! Now THIS is what true love looks like.. Against all odds, 38-year-old Jack Gentry still finds his wife Lila just as pretty as he did the day he first laid eyes on her, even though they've been married since 2019 and officially together since they met in 2017. Despite all the couple has lived through--from the Biden administration to the Trump administration to the pandemic to their relatively normal year before that--somehow their love remains just as passionate as it was more than 20 months ago when they honeymooned in Greece, proving to all the doubters that love truly does conquer all. . When you're with someone as long as Jack has been with Lila, it's not unusual for you to grow apart and find that your love isn't as strong as it once was. Rest assured, though, that this is far from the case for this couple. When Jack looks into Lila's eyes, he still sees the same woman he binge-watched . Handmaid's Tale . with years ago in 2017, and with the couple now watching the fourth season, their love still feels like the same fairy tale it was back when the show premiered. Though they are older, and though they are in many ways different people than they were as baby-faced lovers standing at the altar so many business quarters ago, their love has withstood the test of time.   . As they now enter their third year of marriage, the couple still shows no signs of slowing down, because Jack just surprised Lila with non-refundable tickets for a weeklong trip to Punta Cana in October. Yep, that's right: Jack's love for Lila is so great that he's willing to gamble that he "ll still feel the same way about her five whopping months from now. Although, of course, when you have a relationship that has seen multiple decades (the 2010s . and . 2020s in Jack and Lila's case), perhaps five months doesn't feel like that long. . Wow. It's clear that these two were destined to be together! . Everyone dreams of finding a relationship just like this, and Jack and Lila are proof that love really can endure forever. Here's to two more amazing years for this lovely young couple.,    If success is where preparation and opportunity meet, one kid from Portsmouth, New Hampshire is setting himself up for glory in a truly amazing way: This 8th grader just sprayed a ton of cologne on his balls before going to the Spring Fling. . Smart thinking. Should the stars align in his favor, this young man will be 100 percent ready! . Right before carpooling to his middle school's annual 8th grade Spring Fling, 14-year-old Ben Townsend sprayed almost a quarter of the bottle of Adidas Moves that he got in his Christmas stocking last year directly onto his testicles, creating an aromatic oasis in his underwear on the off chance that he manages to hook up with someone at the social. Though he's never done anything beyond kissing before and doesn't even have a specific girl in mind, Ben has done all the necessary prep work to ensure that his genitals will give off a tantalizing fragrance should any girl come within sniffing distance of his wiener area or perhaps even give him a handjob--a thoughtful touch from a thoughtful young man who prioritizes a partner's pleasure as much as his own. . Sure, Ben doesn't have any real evidence to suspect that a sexual experience might be in the cards for him at the two-and-a-half hour school event, but after hearing rumors that a classmate got head at the Winter Formal, he is playing it safe not only by making sure his testicles smell amazing but also that they . feel . amazing, having shaved off all his pubes with his older brother's electric razor to ensure a pleasant, rubbery scrotum texture for any young lady who might venture below his waistline. And to further up his chances of scoring with a babe, Ben stocked up on Listerine Cool Mint breath strips and LA Looks hair gel so he could be at his absolute freshest for the dance. . But that's not all: Ben also learned a couple of breakdance moves off of YouTube that he's planning on debuting during the very first Post Malone song he hears, thereby impressing his female classmates enough to come grind with him. And to prevent any sort of embarrassing situation where he accidentally pokes a girl with his boner while grinding, he's wearing the Under Armour compression shorts he got for JV football under his pants to keep his penis restrained until he actually needs to use it--which, God willing, will be at some point during the dance, although preferably somewhere very dark with zero visibility, as his dick is still growing, and he is self-conscious of its baby carrot-like proportions. . Yep, it truly seems as if he has all his bases covered. Despite the fact that his friend's mom quickly rolled down the minivan windows, scrunched her nose, and muttered "someone smells nice" right after picking him up for the dance, Ben knows he has a foolproof gameplan, and he has done all the right things to maximize his odds of having his profound horniness relieved. . Bravo, young man. Bravo. . We should all be inspired by Ben's prudent planning. As if dousing his balls in cologne wasn't enough, he even thought to stick extra wax on his braces to minimize tongue friction in the event of a makeout session--something that even the most sexually experienced of grownups might not think to do. Whether or not Ben succeeds in getting lucky tonight, he can still take pride knowing that he did everything a man can possibly do to set himself up for success.. Get it, Ben!,    You have been selected from MANY QUALIFIED APPLICANTS for PRE-APPROVAL to rent this CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED LIME!. We have already checked your CREDIT and we found it very ATTRACTIVE and now we are giving you the chance to bring the lime into your HOME or CAR!. You will now have a lime.. Yes.. 6 MO. -- 70 YR. LEASES AVAILABLE. \n. OFFER NOT TRANSFERABLE TO LEMONS. \n. NON-NEGOTIABLE $17/DAY RATE. \nDEAL OF A LIFETIME!!!!. \n. CLICKHOLE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO RETRIEVE THE LIME THROUGH FORCE OR MAGIC AT ANY TIME,    Anyone who lived through the 2020 election can tell you just how harmful misinformation on social media can be, and unfortunately, it appears that it's now a more serious threat than ever: Millions of Facebook users are spreading a conspiracy theory that a daughter is God's way of saying "Thought you could use a lifelong friend.". This is deeply troubling. . According to researchers, this alarming new viral falsehood appears to have originated on a popular Facebook page called Beautiful Quotes, with a meme featuring an image of a mother and daughter shopping together and text explaining that God sends someone a daughter when he knows she needs a partner in crime and a BFF for life. With over 400,000 shares and tens of thousands of comments saying things like "So true!" and "amen love my daughter she is my world," it is disturbingly clear that the meritless assertion is being widely accepted as fact, and even worse, countless women are tagging their daughters in the post, meaning the lie is reaching a far greater audience than just those who follow Beautiful Quotes. . "The idea that God is providing women with daughters as a means of actively communicating that they need a No. 1 confidant or perfect shopping buddy is totally unfounded, but unfortunately, Facebook has allowed users to amplify this notion to the point where it's more prevalent than a lot of fact-based content, and that is not a good sign," said Tracey Yeates, an Amherst College anthropologist specializing in conspiracy theories. "Whether a woman conceives a daughter is entirely determined by the chromosomes provided by the male parent. But sadly, a lack of media literacy has given rise to the alternate explanation, touted by a blurry Facebook meme, that a daughter is born because her mother needs an earth-angel with a smile that can light up the entire world.". These ideas have no empirical merit, but according to Yeates, they can lead to devastating real-life consequences. Recent studies have shown a 200 percent increase in recent years of middle-aged women on Facebook who identify as "mommy of a princess" and are raising their children to consider themselves "daughter of a queen." Such notions are popular among older and less media-literate users of social networks like Facebook, where an unattributed post from this morning reading "All problems in life have one simple solution: a hug from your daughter" already has 86,000 shares, along with hundreds of comments agreeing with the blatantly false claim.. This is terrifying.. At this point, it's clear that misinformation on social media poses a grave threat to our relationship with the truth, and serious efforts must be taken to get it under control. Whether it's lawmakers or the social media companies themselves, someone needs to take the reins and regulate these types of posts, because otherwise, we're going to be living in an entirely post-science, post-fact world very soon., 5 Times My Marriage Suffered Because I Caught My Wife Photoshopping My Head Onto Mickey Mouse's Body. Dumbass: When This 3rd Grader Had $120 In Lunch Debt, Her Classmate Organized A Bake Sale Like That's Any Kind Of Long Term Solution. Awesome: JOANN Fabrics Is Implementing Special Store Hours From 7-8:00 A.M. For Newly Divorced Women Who Need The Healing Power Of Crafts. 5 Times Batman Made Grandpa Feel Like A Worthless Piece Of Shit By Bringing The Batmobile To His Old Guy Car Meetup In The Parking Lot Of Red Robin. Chance Of A Lifetime: Nobody Is Watching And You Could Probably Just Take The Vacuum Cleaner From This Yard Sale Without Paying. Yikes, Who's Gonna Tell Him: This Hermit Crab Is Using A  "Louie " Season 3 DVD Case As A Shell. Tackling The Student Debt Crisis: President Biden Will Give Every American A Free Minor In Digital Humanities From SUNY Oswego.       Get excited, everyone, because the event we've all been waiting for has finally arrived: The nude man is coming down the conveyor belt right now as we speak.. Yay! Here he comes!. For the first time in years, the nude man has chosen to grace us with his presence, and we simply could not be more delighted. With his wide grin, adorable potbelly, and wise, unblinking gaze, there is truly no sight more joyous than the nude man slowly approaching on the conveyor belt at 1 MPH, merrily saying "Hello!" over and over again to no one in particular. We Don't know where he comes from or why he's nude--all that matters is that he's here and that he's smiling at us, filling our hearts with joy. . Huzzah!. The nude man's arrival is a very special occasion, and there's no right or wrong way to celebrate it. Join the happy crowds in greeting him with rousing ovations, or scurry forth with the schoolchildren to present him with gifts of plums and jellies. Or, should the spectacle leave you overcome with emotion, feel free to take a knee and observe the nude man in quiet reverence. However you choose to take in the moment is up to you--it is only asked that you avoid joining him on the conveyor belt, as this would present a safety hazard to both the nude man and yourself. . Wow. Anyone else have goosebumps? What a blessing it is to see the nude man!. Be sure to savor this, ladies and gentlemen, because the conveyor belt does not stop, and once the nude man passes, there's no telling when we might see him again. Cherish each and every moment he's with us, but do not shed tears of sadness when he leaves. Just be happy that he was here, albeit briefly, and wish him well on his journey ahead, for we know it is an important one. Best of luck, nude man. We adore you with all our hearts.,    Growing up, we always just took Mom's word on this stuff, but looking back on it now, it's pretty clear she has no clue what the hell she's talking about. . Whenever one of us threw up as a kid or had a stomach ache, Mom was always right there with an ice cold can of Sprite, forcing us to gulp it down under the belief that it would restore us to full health. She always explained that it works for the same reason that Alka-Seltzer works: it's bubbly. She never really elaborated any further on this, but given the consistency with which she'd prescribe her children Sprite rather than, say, take them to the doctor, it seems that she has utmost confidence in the soda to eradicate any and all stomach viruses on contact. . In Mom's mind, Sunkist combines the healing bubbles of Sprite with the nutritional horsepower of orange juice, creating a vitamin-packed super beverage that delivers all the restorative corn syrup and nutrient-dense citric acid the body needs to conquer whatever colds and seasonal afflictions life throws your way. To this day, you'll still get texts from Mom whenever you're sick reminding you drink a few cans of Sunkist to "restore your fluids" and to "get some Vitamin C," as Mom thinks that Sunkist has lots of Vitamin C in it, even though it 100 percent does not contain any Vitamin C, or any other vitamins for that matter. She also seems to think that it is a sports drink of sorts, as she never let you head out the door for soccer practice growing up without a huge water bottle full of ice-cold Sunkist. . Mom has long insisted that RC Cola is "different" than big-name colas like Coke and Pepsi, even though it contains the exact same corn syrup and artificial flavorings as literally every other cola. She says that it's "easy to digest" and has "lots of calories," the latter of which is an especially big deal to Mom, as for some reason she thinks that there's nothing more important when you're sick than making sure you're still getting plenty of calories. Grandma always drank lots of RC Cola, too, so maybe it's, like, one of those weird post-war dietary habits Americans adopted, and Grandma just passed it down to Mom. Whatever the case, it's still pretty stupid and fucked-up to think RC Cola--or any soda, for that matter--is healthy. Get your shit together, Mom. Jesus Christ. ,    Throughout the pandemic, over 580,000 Americans have died from COVID-19. This is a horrifying statistic, but according to experts, the full scope of the devastation is unfortunately far greater: A new public health study shows that the U.S. suicide rate has been skyrocketing with every passing month that people are unable to see the Blue Man Group live. . Just awful. What a grim chapter in our nation's history. . According to new research by the National Institute Of Mental Health, Americans have been taking their lives at increasingly higher rates each month since the Blue Man Group stopped performing shows on account of the pandemic. With the public suddenly deprived of their sole source of mute, expressionless alien guys drumming on PVC pipes and blasting audiences with toilet paper launched from modified leaf blowers, desperation has truly taken its toll--in April 2021 alone, over 4,000 suicides were reported in areas across the country where the Blue Man Group has stopped performing, with some localities declaring the lack of access to the Blue Men's signature high-energy percussion-based comedy an official state of emergency. . Middle-class Caucasians appear to be especially suffering from the lack of Blue Man Group access, as the concerts have long represented a peak cultural experience for white suburban families, who often travel to big cities to enjoy the Group's funky yet accessible rhythms and family friendly antics after long days of sightseeing and dining at Hard Rock Cafes. In one particularly disturbing case, a white family of five in New Jersey committed group suicide by funneling carbon monoxide from their Subaru Outback's exhaust pipe into their home while they sat on their living room couch watching the Blue Man Group's Tiny Desk concert on TV.  . "Unfortunately, our country's mental health system just isn't equipped to handle this sudden surge of millions of Americans who are struggling to cope in a world where they can't watch three bald, blue men splash neon paint on stage in various amusing ways," said NIMH researcher Emmitt White. "Not only are Blue Man Group performances fun, but they also have a lot of heart, which makes for a truly unforgettable concert experience that we're now seeing that some people just cannot live without. Human brains simply aren't wired to handle this isolation from drum- and paint-based performance art." . White went on to note that, while virtual concerts might offer a temporary solution in the meantime until U.S. society can safely reopen, they unfortunately cannot fully recreate the laughter, joy, and wonder of watching wide-eyed blue guys banging on a drumbone in-person. . Heartbreaking. Let's pray America reaches herd immunity soon, because it's clear people can't handle this Blue Man Group deprivation for much longer. . With the end of the pandemic so close in sight, it's difficult but necessary for us to reflect on the far-reaching impacts it has had on ourselves and our communities around us. It's safe to say that once the pandemic lets up, people won't take the Blue Man Group for granted again. But until then, please look after yourselves and others, and remember that we're all in this together., Just Following Up On That Creepy Message I Wrote In Blood On Your Bathroom Mirror. Really Wish We Could Talk: One Of The People On This Silent Retreat Is The Ohio State Buckeyes Mascot. A Slap In The Face On The Way Out: The Photo In This Woman's Farewell Instagram Post To Her Late Grandpa Is One Where She Looks Good And Grandpa Looks Like Absolute Shit. How Am I Supposed To Interpret This: 5 Times My Gynecologist Posted  "There's Beauty In The Breakdown' On Facebook With A Picture Of A Sunset Immediately After My Appointment. Absolute Scum Of The Earth: Use The Sliders To Flip Off These Deer. Pathetic: This Company Has All Of Your Data And Can't Even Sell You A Candle. Come On, Dude: This Guy Just Read His First Book In Ten Years And Has The Audacity To Recommend It To People Who Read On The Regular.       There's nothing worse than watching someone ramble on and on about a topic they know little about, but unfortunately, one Newport, Rhode Island man does not seem to realize there are times when he should keep his mouth shut: this guy just read his first book in ten years and has the audacity to recommend it to people who read on the regular.. Dude, no. Don't do this. You are punching above your weight class here.. Twenty-eight-year-old Jacob Billings, who hasn't read a full novel since college, decided three months ago that he was going to crack open a copy of the 2001 bestseller . Life Of Pi.  that he found on a "Summer Reads" display at Barnes and Noble. On its own, this would be nothing to be ashamed of, except that now he's making a big show of recommending the incredibly well-known book to a bunch of his coworkers, who obviously know all about it, given that they are actually in a book club together and read super literary shit all the time. The very day Jacob finished the 20-year-old global bestseller, he jumped into his office mates " lunchtime discussion of Karl Ove Knausgaard's . My Struggle.  series with the fearlessness of a kamikaze pilot and acted as if he was blowing their minds by suggesting they give . Life Of Pi.  a shot next month, adding that he found it "a little out there, but still really good." You almost have to admire his audacity, because he seems to have no shame over the fact that when his coworkers asked if he'd read anything else good lately, he just said "No," and added that he was thinking of checking out the . Life Of Pi.  movie next.. Once the conversation moved on, Jacob still refused to drop his "book guy" schtick. He brought up . On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous.  by Ocean Vuong, one of the most famous books of the past five years, and mentioned that he hasn't read it but has "heard really good things," as if sharing an inside scoop from the literary cognoscenti. It's clear that he's just looking for validation from his peers, but it's pretty pitiful how he's going about trying to get it. Poor guy's just out of his league here, and deep down he probably knows it. But that's not stopping him from talking out his ass about how he's "really into modern Dickensian stuff" and how he's "strongly considering taking the plunge into audiobooks"--adorable little comments that his coworkers are very graciously humoring.  . Yeesh. This whole interaction is really hard to watch. Jacob either needs to read a few more books or quit inserting himself into this kind of conversation, because he is coming off like a total jackass. Quit it, Jacob!,    Americans love to buy things off the internet, and social media platforms have made it absurdly simple for brands to target consumers on a very micro level, yet for some reason, there are still some businesses that still can't figure out how to reach consumers. Point in case: this company has pretty much all of your personal data and yet they can't even manage to sell you a single candle.. Pitiful! C'mon, guys, it's really not that hard. . Despite having full access to your age, gender, location, and information on all the brands and content you follow online, internet retailer Rosewood Candle Co. has for some inexplicable reason been totally unable to get you to pony up $25 for one of their Relax Bomb triple-wick soy wax candles. For weeks, the company has been absolutely bombarding you with sponsored ads in your feed, targeted videos in your stories, and various giveaways, yet they somehow haven't managed to get a single cent of your money, even though you're typically a huge sucker for fancy home goods shit like this. . It is utterly baffling that Rosewood Candle Co. hasn't figured out how to convert you into a customer considering the borderline irresponsible amount of personal data you've basically handed them on a silver platter. Selling stuff to you when your interests, consumer preferences, and engagement habits are so readily available should be like shooting fish in a barrel, yet Rosewood is still managing to fail where HelloFresh, Wayfair, Everlane, Corkcicle, Meyer's hand soap, Baggu, Summersalt Swimwear, Madewell, Pure Botanicals, ThirdLove, several natural deodorant brands, Uncommon Goods, Parachute, . cutesy greeting cards. , West Elm, ASOS, Glossier, that company that puts pictures of your dog on socks, Thrive Market, . Ted Lasso.  on Apple TV+, sweetgreen, Calm app, that portable fire pit thing you bought, Chambord, and Rothy's all easily succeeded. It's pathetic!. Beyond just straight-up giving them your social security number or DNA sequence, there's honestly not much more you can do to tee this up for Rosewood. Not only can they zero in on your most intimate browsing habits and interests with just a few quick clicks, Instagram literally gives them access to the most sophisticated marketing algorithms known to man. With that kind of power, they shouldn't just be able to sell you a $25 candle--they should be able to milk you of every last cent you have. . Seriously, it's a piece of cake!. The internet has made targeting and manipulating consumers easier than ever before, and if you can't figure out how to trick millennials with excess disposable income and predictably bougie spending habits to shell out for ethically made scented fucking candles, then you have no business being a business. Just close up shop and become a chimney sweep or a wagon maker or something old timey like that, because you are just not ready to hack it in 21st century direct retail. ,    If you believe the deceased deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, you might want to go ahead and close this tab, because here is a story that will undoubtedly make your blood boil: The photo that this woman used in her farewell Instagram post to her late grandfather is one where she looks pretty good and her grandpa looks like absolute shit.. Jesus Christ! This is definitely not how the poor old guy would've wanted to be remembered.. When 28-year-old Chelsea Prostovich went to make the Instagram post commemorating her beloved grandfather Walter, who died this past weekend at 92, she had many nice photos of him she could've chosen that captured cherished memories and milestones, but she instead opted to go with one where he looked alarmingly shriveled and discolored, like a California Raisin in hospice. While Chelsea admittedly looks fantastic in the photo, ideally she would've gone with something where her grandpa didn't already look pretty much dead, as surely this is not an accurate representation of who he was for the vast majority of his life.  . "I can't believe you're gone. Heaven just got another angel. RIP, Papa. I'll miss you," wrote Chelsea in a wildly uninspired caption that could've been posted for literally any dead person. The post made it plainly clear to anyone with eyes that this is a woman who is so far up her own asshole, so desperate for others to see how cute she looks with her voluminous, shampoo-commercial hair and flattering outfit, that she's willing to showcase the former patriarch of her family at his weakest and most vulnerable, just days before biting the dust.. Wow. Why not just dig the guy up and piss on his corpse while you're at it?. You really gotta wonder if Chelsea gave this any thought at all. If her honest intention was to memorialize her loving grandfather, and not to use the occasion to blatantly show off how tan she can get sometimes, the far better move would've been to pick a photo she's not in. How about a black-and-white picture from his wedding day? Maybe a sun-faded one from the 70s where he's doing a classic grandpa activity, like fishing, or standing near an old, cool-looking car? Or, like, every grandpa has that one picture of themselves from when they went to war, where they're looking super handsome in their uniform and have a super defined jawline and that haircut every dude had in the 40s or whatever. Surely that one would've worked just fine.. But nope. Instead, Chelsea's unrelenting quest to remind people that she's attractive took precedent, and she knowingly chose to show all 791 of her followers just how terrible her grandpa looked right before his death, making everyone who gazed upon the photo feel a little sad and uncomfortable. If Chelsea's goal was to remind all her followers about the fragility of life and the certainty of death, she definitely succeeded, but given how nice she looks in the picture, we're pretty sure she had a much different agenda. . Goddamn. She could've at least included some other pics in the post, considering Instagram lets you put up, like, ten photos at a time. . Just brutal. Here's hoping that Chelsea is someday forced to reckon with this unthinkable desecration of her late grandfather's name and that she gets the comeuppance she deserves, either in this life or the next.,    My gynecologist is a knowledgeable, experienced professional with a successful practice, but I have one issue with her: after almost every appointment we have together, she makes an emotional Facebook post about how there's "beauty in the breakdown," complete with a corny, melodramatic picture of a sunset or something of that nature. These posts are very clearly about me. I have no idea why she's doing this, or how I should be interpreting it. It's really beginning to bother me.. I made an appointment with my gynecologist, Dr. McNeill, for the first time around 2018. I liked her as soon as I met her--she's a no-nonsense woman, and she made me feel calm and at ease during my checkup. The appointment was perfectly normal: she asked me about my cycle, gave me a routine pelvic exam, and refilled my birth control prescription. There's always a bit of awkwardness when you're lying uncomfortably on the exam table with your feet in the stirrups, but other than that, everything seemed fine. Anyways, when I got home, I googled Dr. McNeill out of curiosity and ended up on her Facebook page, where, not ten minutes after our appointment ended, she had posted a pixelated picture of a sunset with the caption "There's beauty in the breakdown." I didn't think much of it until I noticed that a friend of hers had commented "You ok?" and she had responded "Not rly. Hate being a doctor." The thing was, I know for a fact that I was her only appointment of the day. She made a point to tell me that. So I can't imagine what other doctor stuff she could have been referring to in her post. Needless to say, I was definitely a little concerned.. I was back at Dr. McNeill's office three months later for a checkup because my pap smear had come back abnormal, and I was sure it wasn't going to be a repeat of the time before, Facebook-wise. I made sure to shower, wear my best underwear, and even floss my teeth in case that was something she had an issue with last time. Again, the appointment seemed totally routine. But I did notice her grab her iPad as soon as I started packing up to leave the exam room, and when I tried to say bye to her, she just sort of grunted and then shut the door in my face. Lo and behold, there was a post on her Facebook not two minutes later featuring an extremely similar sunset picture to the first one. She had marked her mood as "feeling hopeless" and finished off the post with a melodramatic caption of "Send positive vibes :(. Need to quit my job YESTERDAY."  I had no idea what to think of this. In a panic, I tried googling a few search terms like "upsetting vagina" and "my cervix made doctor mad," but nothing came up. Regardless, something about me clearly rubbed her the wrong way.. The next time I went to Dr. McNeil was to discuss getting an IUD, and after that visit, she made not one but TWO posts on her Facebook page that were very obviously referring to our appointment. It was the kind of checkup where I didn't even have to take my clothes off or anything, but as soon as I walked in, she visibly recoiled, and seemed shaken for a good 30 seconds before she took a deep breath and handed me some birth control pamphlets. When I checked later, she had gone on Facebook and posted  an image of a cliff overlaid with the words "It's okay to not be okay," and then, only three minutes later, a dramatic, shadowy selfie, clearly taken in the same room where our appointment had just happened, with the caption "When a patient pushes you to the brink, all you can do is push back." There's just no way the patient she was referencing wasn't me, but I have no clue what the fuck drove her to feel that way. Mind you, all the rest of her Facebook posts are pictures of her kids " sports games and her two golden retrievers.. When I had to come in again for a full exam, I made sure to go all out, because I was beginning to get tired of this Facebook drama. I bought Dr. McNeill a nice box of fancy chocolates from Whole Foods, and she accepted it with what seemed like genuine enthusiasm. Then, she got me in the stirrups, and told me everything looked "great" and "perfectly healthy." The only weird moment was one part where she took a look around with the speculum, paused for a long time, then said "Hmmm" and sort of sighed. When I asked her if something was wrong, she didn't even answer me--she just looked out the window for a while, shook her head, and got back to the exam. After I left the office, she posted "THE COMPANY OF WOLVES IS BETTER THAN THE COMPANY OF A WOLF IN SHEEP "S CLOTHING" in all caps with a picture of that day's sunset that she took herself on her iPhone. I swear to god, there's nothing that weird about my vaginal health as far as I can tell. I do not know why she feels the way she does about me.. At my most recent appointment, I decided I might try to bait Dr. McNeill into explaining what was going on, so I started complaining about how my aunts and uncles won't stop posting conspiracy theory memes to their Facebook timelines. Without skipping a beat, she simply answered, "Well, that's why I Don't have Facebook," and smiled. She straight-up acted as though she didn't even have a Facebook page, when I knew full well she would be posting about me on it the second after I left. I paid careful attention during the entire exam, even that weird part where she sort of feels at your ovaries from the inside and lets you know if she thinks you have any cysts. She didn't exactly seem ecstatic, but I Don't think my ovaries were fucked up enough to warrant the post she made that afternoon, which featured an image of the Grim Reaper overlaid on the picture of me that the front desk took when I first started seeing Dr. McNeill. She must have made the graphic herself. On top of the picture, there was stylized text reading, "Only after you have looked death in the face can you truly live." I'm not sure what the fuck I need to do before my next appointment to ensure this doesn't happen again, but rest assured I will be trying to figure it out. She's the best doctor in my insurance network, so I won't be switching.,    Deer. They are just the worst fucking animals. Truly pointless creatures. Put these dumbasses in their place by flipping them the bird. . Hey. Over here. Get bent, you trash-eating fuck. . Oh, HELL no. Absolutely not. Get this thing out of here. He cannot just stand here screaming on our website. Tell him to fuck off forever.. Like, what the hell are these animals even? They're just, like, gross horse knock-offs with bones sticking out of their heads. Nasty. Like, figure out what your deal is. If you want to be a horse, just be a fucking horse. Don't be whatever the hell this is. . Yuck, a baby one. Suck milk and shit pebbles, bitch! Go prance off to Hell where you belong. No one wants you here. . Yes! Go off, king! Get his feral ass! We love to see it. Big stamp of approval here. Two thumbs up for this guy. . Wow. The fucking nerve to just stare at us like that. Unbelievable. Crack a whip to scare this dead-eyed chode off into oncoming traffic. . Scum. Absolute scum. We hope this deer explodes.,
    A couple of weeks ago, going on a silent meditation retreat seemed like the perfect way to practice a little self-care and take some time for yourself. Unfortunately, it's instead proving to be just about the worst time to abstain from speaking: one of the people on this silent retreat is the Ohio State Buckeyes mascot.. God, wish they'd explain why he's here. Very frustrating that you're not allowed to talk or ask questions re: what the deal is.  . From the moment you walked out to the lotus garden for the first meditation session and saw the mascot sitting in the grass cross-legged with his massive three-foot-wide head, you knew staying silent was gonna be a challenge. There are so many things you want to ask the Buckeye: Is he attending the silent retreat as the mascot? Or is he attending the silent retreat as the guy inside the costume? And if the latter, is he contractually obligated to wear the costume 24/7 or something? Really wish someone would address this!. God, this is just the worst timing ever. The whole point of this retreat is so you can be mere observers of your passing thoughts as you attempt to uncover your subconscious, but literally all you can think about is the fact that you're five feet away from Brutus Buckeye.. The only person who's allowed to talk on this retreat is the shaman who's leading the yoga and meditation exercises, but so far he has completely neglected to acknowledge that one of the people in the group is a huge, unblinking, anthropomorphic nut. The shaman has just been addressing him like a normal guy, making yoga adjustments on him as though there's nothing unusual about repositioning a thick felt leg into a better downward dog.. What's really frustrating about the situation is that you had to hand in your phone upon arrival at the retreat, so you can't even google the Ohio State mascot to try to find out the identity of the person inside the suit, or text any of your friends about how wild this is. And to make matters worse, everyone else on the retreat is taking it all super seriously and won't make eye contact with you when you're trying to look at them like, "Hey, isn't this crazy?"--even though they're almost certainly just as curious about it as you are.. Honestly, the organizers of the retreat really shouldn't let things like this happen. How the hell are you supposed to reset your mind when your main thought is how badly you want to blurt out, "Yo, it's straight up crazy that there's a mascot here"?. you've got two more days to go on this retreat, which is seriously going to be a test of your patience. you're not supposed to talk in the parking lot on the way out, either, but there's no way in hell you're letting the mascot leave without at least asking him what the deal is. It is absolutely crucial that you get to the bottom of this!,    More than 44 million Americans share a collective $1.5 trillion in student debt, and that number only continues to grow due to skyrocketing tuition prices and high interest rates. Fortunately, President Biden just signed an executive order that's going to make life a lot easier for Americans seeking college degrees: the government will now give every American a free minor in Digital Humanities from SUNY Oswego.. Awesome! . In a press conference earlier today, Biden announced that all U.S. citizens over the age of 18 will soon receive a diploma certifying the completion of 18 Digital Humanities credits at SUNY Oswego. With millions of Americans struggling to make payments on their student loans, a free minor that shows they've completed courses such as Digital Imagery Fundamentals and Ethics And Social Policy In The Digital Age will prevent our next generation from getting stuck with the kind of crippling debt that the generation before them endured. . "Students who would have taken out thousands of dollars in loans for a college education can now save their money instead and use their Digital Humanities minor to help secure job opportunities involving skills such as digital text analysis, digital mapping, and web design," said the president. "At the very least, these minors should qualify all Americans for professional internships, which, while not full time jobs, would definitely provide the on-the-job experience and networking necessary to build a career in the field.". If this wasn't already great enough, Biden went on to say that he "ll be helping out those who've already amassed college debt by giving them a Dean's List certificate stating that their cumulative GPA in their Digital Humanities minor was at least a 3.8, and by presenting an award called "The Mark C. Heller Prize For Outstanding Work In Digital Humanities" to Americans with more than $100,000 in student loans.. This is so great! A free Digital Humanities minor from one of the top SUNY satellite campuses is going to go such a long way towards helping the many Americans who would have otherwise gone to college only to find themselves saddled with terrible credit scores and payments they just couldn't make. Well done, President Biden!,    All right, well, this is awkward. We really Don't want to be the ones to intervene here, but somebody's going to have to say something: this hermit crab is using an old . Louie.  DVD case as a shell.. Oof. Who's gonna tell him?. This hermit crab, who is living on a beach in Key West, clearly outgrew his old shell recently, and he seems to have taken up residence in a discarded DVD case for season 3 of . Louie. , Louis C.K.'s semi-autobiographical HBO series about living in New York City as a middle aged divorced dad. Unfortunately, the hermit crab is blissfully unaware that Louis CK is pretty much universally cancelled at this point due to years of sexual misconduct in the comedy community. While there's nothing inherently wrong with living in a . Louie . DVD case, it's nonetheless not a good look for the hermit crab, and someone needs to break the news to him, STAT. . Poor hermit crab. He looks so comfy in there. . The whole Louis CK cancellation thing is sort of a third rail topic, and we'd really prefer not to bring it up with this hermit crab. The poor creature clearly just needed somewhere to live, and we can't fault him for picking a DVD case that washed up onshore. However, this particular DVD case advertises an episode of . Louie.  where Louis CK literally does the same exact non-consensual sex stuff he was eventually outed for doing in real life, which is not ideal. We'd like to think it wouldn't be too much trouble for this crab to extricate himself from the DVD case and find a nice shell to live in--or even just a DVD case from a less problematic comedian's TV series, like . Lady Dynamite. , or SNL's . The Best Of Will Ferrell. . But for that to happen, someone's gonna need to have an awkward conversation with him first.. God, how would you even go about trying to explain this to a crab? We truly Don't know. Hopefully someone finds a way to break the news to him soon, though, because surely this crab has no interest in being a walking billboard for a sex predator. , Tackling The Student Debt Crisis: President Biden Will Give Every American A Free Minor In Digital Humanities From SUNY Oswego. And We're Supposed To Respect Him As The Head Of The House? Dad Is Napping Curled Up In A Ball, Like, In The Fetal Position, And His Eyes Are Slightly Open Too. Tough Spot: The Instagram Story You Just Casually Tapped Through Might Be The Kind Where You Have To Respond With Something Or Else It's Rude. The 7 Fundamental Flaws Of Babies.  "This Is What You Should Call Him Now ": McDonald's Has Announced It Has Changed Ronald McDonald's Name To  "INTENSITY ". When you're Are Sad, It's Good To Tell Compurter How You Feel (by Queen Elizabeth II). Nice: This Nature Documentary Lets You Watch, Like, 45 Minutes Of Cool Fish Stuff Before It Gets Into The Scary Climate Change Part.       Holy shit. Whoa. It seems like today might just be your lucky day: there's a vacuum cleaner just sitting right out in the open at this yard sale, and nobody's paying attention, so you could probably just take it without paying. . Sweet! Fortune is truly smiling down on you.. In what's looking to be a once-in-a-lifetime score, there is a lightly used name-brand vacuum cleaner sitting completely unattended, and the woman who's running this yard sale is busy chatting with a neighbor on the other side of the yard, essentially leaving the vacuum totally up for grabs. Though a green sticker on the vacuum's handle says the price is $35, the forces of fate are practically screaming "FREE TO A GOOD HOME," as rarely in life do you encounter such a perfect opportunity to steal something. . Seriously, can you believe that this incredible gift from the universe just fell into your lap?!? As long as you act casual--maybe look around at some of the other stuff for sale first to establish yourself as just another ordinary customer--you could seamlessly blend into the steady flow of traffic moving in and out of the yard sale. And making things even easier, your car is parked directly out front, a mere 20 feet away from the vacuum. That's all there is between you and this pretty nice vacuum cleaner, which looks way better than the one you have at home. Piece of cake!  . The yard sale lady probably won't even realize the vacuum is stolen until she closes up shop later in the day, if that. And judging by her house and property, it doesn't seem like she's exactly hurting for money, so it's not like you'd be taking food out of her mouth or anything. And she looks like she's in her late 60s, so even if she sees you taking the vacuum, what could she possibly do about it? She's obviously too old to chase you. You could probably look her dead in the eye and say, "Old woman, this vacuum cleaner is mine now," and she wouldn't do jack-shit. Not worth it for her. Plus, you're generally a good person who works hard and donates to charities, and you deserve nice things every once in a while. You deserve this vacuum cleaner.  . Wow, what a nice surprise. Today, the stars have aligned in your favor. . Okay, it's the moment of truth. You might never encounter an opportunity this incredible again. Live with no regrets. Take the vacuum. This is your destiny. Godspeed.,    Classic cars are Grandpa's life. He's spent decades tracking down rare cars all over the country and restoring them entirely by himself, sometimes going so far as to machine his own replacement parts for them in his basement workshop. Sadly, no matter how slick of a flip-flop paint job his ride has or how clean his whitewall tires are, every now and then Grandpa gets totally upstaged by Batman. Here are 5 times Batman made Grandpa feel like a worthless piece of shit by bringing the Batmobile to his classic car meetup in the parking lot of Red Robin.. In this instance, Grandpa was grinning ear-to-ear with his thin hair slicked back and his airbrushed Mopar Legends shirt neatly tucked into his oversized cargo shorts as he popped the hood of his cherry  "70 Dodge Challenger. His recently widowed neighbor, Doris Lichman, had stopped by to take a peek at the supercharger he'd just installed, and Grandpa was eager to show it off. But just as he was telling her the story about how he tracked down a period-correct blower "in Japan of all places," the Batmobile suddenly appeared and exploded spectacularly, and from the flaming wreckage, Batman emerged on an awesome motorcycle and popped a wheelie, eliciting a squeal of delight from Doris. "Hey, old timer," Batman shouted to Grandpa. "Your car looks stupid as shit and you look like a shriveled ballsack with eyes." He then winked at Doris and peeled off on his motorcycle, causing Grandpa turned beet red with embarrassment. From that day forward, Grandpa never took his Challenger to a show again. . When Grandpa's classic car club, Fitchburg Klassics, invited all of the other classic car clubs in the region to an event called The Fitchburg Klassics Rock  "N " Ride, almost 20 men in their late 40s to mid 70s showed up from as far as three counties away in the coolest rides of yesteryear. Drenched in Aqua Velva and ready to swap everything from rare carburetors to old jukeboxes, they planned to rev their engines all the way until 9 PM when the Red Robin closed up for the night. The event is basically like the Super Bowl for my Grandpa, and this time things were going great for him pretty much all day. His beautifully restored chop-top Ford rat rod won the ribbon for Best Pre-War Hot Rod, which was a dream come true for him. However, just as he went up to accept his ribbon from local radio personality Z-Bone of 101.3 The Zoom, who was emceeing the event, the Batmobile roared into the Red Robin parking lot and sprayed Grandpa head to toe with oil, much of which also splattered all over his ride's paint job. The 17 people in attendance were thrilled by this unexpected cameo and began chanting "BAT-MO-BILE! BAT-MO-BILE!"--completely ignoring Grandpa and his special moment. This was so crushing to Grandpa that he didn't even bother collecting his ribbon. He just turned around and went home, where he spent the next few hours quietly sobbing in the garage. . Grandpa has an immaculate  "56 Studebaker Golden Hawk that has been sitting in a barn for 40 years. Jimmy "The Clutch" Everson from the Studebaker Museum has been trying to buy Grandpa's Golden Hawk for years, but it's not for sale. This is a car that will turn your head even if you know nothing about classic cars, and it's always a big hit with the 14 regulars and 7-8 mildly interested attendees down at the Red Robin parking lot on Thursdays from 7-9 PM. But in this particular instance, Batman pulled right up to Grandpa's ride, parked the Batmobile three inches from the bumper, and started asking all sorts of questions, like, "Where are the retractable artillery cannons?" and "Now, can this car fly at all or does it just have to stay on the ground?"--all clearly in an effort to establish that the Batmobile was superior to Grandpa's car in every conceivable way. Even worse, all the fellas were standing there the whole time, and Grandpa was made to look like a fool in front of the guys whose respect he craves the most. And after Batman left, none of them seemed particularly impressed by Grandpa's Golden Hawk anymore.  . Every classic car collector dreams of one day getting a call from a celebrity like Jay Leno or Jerry Seinfeld with an offer to buy one of their cars. Not only do those guys have deep pockets, but it really speaks to the quality of your collection when it attracts buyers who can have any car in the world. Previously when Batman had shown up at Red Robin and made Grandpa feel like shit, it mostly just hurt his ego. But when Batman cock-blocked Grandpa from selling . Home Improvement.  star Richard Karn his Shelby GT for a whopping $300,000 by parking right next to him with a FOR SALE sign on the Batmobile and loudly declaring "Hey, Richard, I got a much better deal for you over here!", it dealt Grandpa a crushing financial blow as well. Not only could Grandpa have used that $300,000 to help cover his rising medical expenses, but he lost the bragging rights of having sold a car to a celebrity. Not that you can blame Richard Karn--$4,000 is an incredible bargain for the Batmobile.. Grandparents love nothing more than bringing joy to their grandkids, which is why this incident was especially devastating for poor Gramps. Grandpa's Porsche may be over 50 years old, but it's a real screamer, so normally his grandkids line up in the Red Robin parking lot begging for rides around the block. Grandpa had just mounted a new set of slicks in the back and tuned up the engine, so the Porsche was running hotter than ever, but just as he was strapping on his driving goggles to run the first grandkid around the block, Batman pulled up in the Batmobile, launched himself 600 feet into the air in the ejector seat, and turned to the line of kids and asked, "Who's next?" upon landing. Needless to say, the grandkids weren't exactly itching at that point to strap into the Porsche, and suddenly Grandpa was left standing all alone, watching Batman show his grandkids the time of their lives. It broke his heart, and he decided right then and there to never attend another car show again. ,    There's nothing more uplifting than seeing a brand step up and look out for the needs of its most loyal customers, so this story about a new program by one of the biggest names in crafts is sure to put a smile on your face: JOANN Fabrics is now implementing special store hours from 7-8:00 a.m. for freshly divorced women who need the healing power of crafts.. This is so awesome! Thank you, JOANN!. In a press release earlier today, JOANN announced that stores nationwide will begin reserving the early morning shopping hours exclusively for emotionally devastated divorced women who need to fill the holes in their hearts with Quick-N-Easy afghan patterns and bolts of flannel fabric printed with images of Garfield in various Thanksgiving costumes. The press release explained that JOANN is fully committed to serving this vulnerable community of women, whose mental and emotional well-being is greatly benefitted by basking in the extra-bright fluorescent lights and aggressively clove-heavy scented candles that the retailer has to offer. Whether they need to treat themselves a leisurely stroll down the aisle full of unfinished wood earring racks and mini birdhouses or spend a blissful half hour choosing between three enormous balls of color-changing chenille yarn, these brokenhearted women will now have exclusive, unfettered access to the life-giving craft supplies at JOANN for an hour each morning without having to encounter any happily married customers who might trigger painful memories of their past relationships. . The press release went on to add that during the store's new divorcee shopping hours, shoppers can expect to hear curated playlists featuring songs like Natalie Imbruglia's "Torn" and Selena Gomez's "Lose You To Love Me"--music that will evoke the emotions of loss and redemption and will speed along the healing process that these women go through while deciding on a new keychain-beading project to immerse themselves in as a distraction from their sadness. Women with ailing hearts will find true sanctuary during these special morning hours, and they will receive grandmotherly hugs along with the usual macrame advice from the four-foot-nine elderly employee each location seems to have, giving the women the emotional support they need to turn their sadness into handcrafted works of folk art.. Incredible!. Whether a newly divorced woman needs to completely overhaul her fabric stash or just wants to look at the basket of junk by the checkout register that for some reason contains a giant Baby Bottle Pop and an iPhone case that says "Smile, It's Halloween," she can now do so at JOANN Fabrics in an environment tailored to her fragile emotional state. This is an amazing initiative by JOANN, and we'd love to see something at stores like DSW and Yankee Candle that serve a similar customer base., And We're Supposed To Respect Him As The Head Of The House? Dad Is Napping Curled Up In A Ball, Like, In The Fetal Position, And His Eyes Are Slightly Open Too. Tough Spot: The Instagram Story You Just Casually Tapped Through Might Be The Kind Where You Have To Respond With Something Or Else It's Rude. The 7 Fundamental Flaws Of Babies.  "This Is What You Should Call Him Now ": McDonald's Has Announced It Has Changed Ronald McDonald's Name To  "INTENSITY ". When you're Are Sad, It's Good To Tell Compurter How You Feel (by Queen Elizabeth II). Nice: This Nature Documentary Lets You Watch, Like, 45 Minutes Of Cool Fish Stuff Before It Gets Into The Scary Climate Change Part. Unsustainable Situation: The Pandemic Has Forced A Record Number Of Uptight, Fastidious Snobs To Move In With Their Carefree, Oafish Foils.       Get ready to roll your eyes, because here is a story about a would-be activist who missed the mark in a truly embarrassing way: when this third grader had $120 in lunch debt, her classmate organized a bake sale like that's any kind of long-term solution.. Seriously? A plate of snickerdoodles isn't exactly gonna solve poverty, kid.  . Third-grader Ethan Sellers of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, came up with the shit-for-brains idea last week after learning that one of his classmates, nine-year-old Julie Ames, had racked up over a hundred dollars in lunch debt on account of both of her parents losing their jobs during the pandemic. Ethan began operating under the delusion that the solution for a problem as devastating and socioeconomically complex as the one Julie's family is facing was to round up his classmates for a single evening and raise money off of their parents " shitty baked goods, showing the world what a moron he truly is. Actually solving the problem at hand would involve months--if not years--of drumming up grassroots support for a political movement that would ensure that children are provided free school lunch as a basic right, but apparently little Ethan believed that hand-lettering an idiotic poster that said "CUPCAKES FOR OUR COMMUNITY" would have a similarly monumental effect.. What a dumbass!. The bake sale was held outside the gymnasium at Parent-Teacher Conference night, and it managed to raise $250 in what was essentially an epic "fuck you" to all the other children from low-income families around the country whose dire circumstances can't be bettered in any substantial way by a bunch of ass-brained children whipping together trays of Betty Crocker brownies. Like, seriously? Two hundred and fifty dollars? Had Ethan put even 30 seconds of thought into this little pie-in-the-sky stunt of his, he would've realized that his efforts would be pretty much worthless for as long as Julie's parents remain unemployed in a predatory economy that offers little to no safety net for struggling Americans outside of means-tested welfare programs and the humiliation of crowdfunding through GoFundMe. . Fucking stupid.. Though Ethan didn't have the guts to try to affect actual change in this country, he did have the gall to engineer a little self-serving photo op at the end of the bake sale where he presented Julie's family with the proceeds along with a card signed by all Julie's classmates--clearly attempting to establish himself as the hero of the evening. Just shameful. Here's hoping that Ethan's obscene little stunt helps other children realize just how ridiculous it is to believe that something as inconsequential as a bake sale could actually mean anything in the grand scheme of the American socioeconomic structure. ,    When it comes to babies, most of the focus seems to be on what is good about them, like how they're cute and snuggly and always doing adorable things. But it's rare that people talk about all their glaring flaws, and it's important that these aren't overlooked.  . Um, what? When it comes to mouths, the teeth are pretty much the most important part of the equation. So we can't just ignore the fact that babies have gums but no teeth--that's a serious design flaw. Like, how do they even chew? No matter how you look at it, you can't deny that babies " whole mouth situation is pretty fucked up. Can't give  "em a pass on this one.  . One of the most perplexing mysteries of nature is why it seems equally wrong-looking whether a baby is totally bald or has a bunch of hair. Being super bald looks weird as hell, but a baby crawling out of its mom with a full head of thick jet-black hair is honestly super unsettling. Both options seem incorrect. This damned-in-you-do-have-hair, damned-if-you-Don't situation is completely unique to babies, and they should definitely get their shit together on this front.. Sorry, we know it's gross, but we can't just gloss over the disturbing reality of how batshit babies are for milk. And they're not even drinking cow milk like normal people--they are literally drinking HUMAN MILK all the goddamn time. Like, that's borderline cannibal behavior, but no one ever talks about it. Drinking the bodily fluids of your fellow humans is something that should be widely condemned in society, yet we turn a blind eye to babies doing it every single day. Why? Just because babies are cute doesn't mean they should be able to do whatever the hell they want. . Muscle-wise, babies have absolutely jackshit going on. They're pretty much the last people you'd want to call if you needed help moving a couch. Their utter lack of strength handicaps them in nearly every aspect of life, yet people tend to conveniently leave this out when they're going on and on about why babies are so wonderful. It's a pretty huge defect, if you ask us. . No matter how you look at it, the fact is that having a huge soft spot in the middle of your skull is a terrible idea. Ideally, you have a skull that has zero soft spots, as you want it to protect your brain from blunt-force trauma. But seems like babies just Don't give a shit about that. Not sure why, but they Don't. The arrogance! . They've got legs, but apparently they're not interested in using them. Lazy freeloaders. Unbelievable. . It's not only that babies are CONSTANTLY pissing and shitting all over themselves, it's the fact they Don't seem to experience even a lick of shame when they do. If fact, some even seem to revel in it. It's honestly pretty perverted when you think about it. If you saw an adult trying to pull that shit, it'd raise some serious red flags. Not sure why babies get a free pass. ,    My wife Maria and I have been married for 26 years. For the most part, we've had a loving relationship, but her insistence on photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body has caused our marriage to suffer. . The first time I caught my wife photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body was the day after I'd gotten her a new computer for Christmas. she'd just finished setting up the computer, and asked me to leave the room. After an hour, I came back in to see how she was doing, and for the first time, I saw it: my head, slapped onto the cartoon body of Mickey Mouse. At this point, her Photoshop skills were still crude, so my head area still contained the background from its original image--a photo from our wedding day, with half of the smiling face of her father standing behind me. There was also a very small caption below the image that said "HUSBAND MOUSE." There was something very unnerving about it all, but I couldn't pinpoint it.. I asked her what she was doing, and she quickly tried to shut off the computer, but she instead hit the wrong button and just ended up making the screen brighter, searing the image into my brain.  . "Whoa, how did this happen?" she said, feigning surprise. "Hon, I think this computer might have a virus or something. It just randomly put a picture of your head on Mickey Mouse's body. Kinda cool looking, but still. Not sure what's going on.". Clearly, though, she did know what was going on. I got the sense she'd been planning this for months, ever since she first expressed interest in getting a computer. The photoshop was too specific to have been an accident. And instead of deleting it, she decided to save it to the hard drive, explaining that she figured she'd keep it around "just in case Disney ever holds a contest we want to submit it to." It was bizarre, but I assumed this would be the end of it. I was wrong.   . I caught Maria photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body about 45 minutes before the first tower came down. We'd been glued to the TV watching news of the attacks all morning, but at some point I remember looking up and realizing she was no longer next to me. Turns out she'd wandered off to the basement, where I eventually found her hunched over her computer,  carefully cropping my head onto the headless body of Mickey Mouse, and muttering, "Dear God, please protect America, and please protect my computer and all its files," over and over to herself. I said nothing, and slowly backed out of the room.. Looking back on it, I wonder if she was doing this to console herself. That in the face of such unprecedented horror and chaos, perhaps she needed to do something that felt familiar and comforting. But even if it comforted her, it did the opposite to me. In a moment when the whole country was coming together to share the strange intimacy of grief, I felt very distant from my wife. Every time they'd play back the horrifying footage of those towers crumbling on TV, I couldn't help but flash back to that unsettling image of my head crudely photoshopped on Mickey's body.. I thought about saying something, but given what had happened to our country that day, bringing up Mickey Mouse in any capacity just felt inappropriate. So I just stayed quiet and watched the news in silence until I fell asleep. .. Years passed. I began to think that what had happened on 9/11 was nothing more than a fluke. Just a momentary lapse in judgement brought on by the deadliest terrorist attack our country had ever seen. But, of course, I would later find out that it was not, in fact, a fluke.. On April 13th, 2006, I unexpectedly got off work a few hours early. I thought I'd surprise my wife by coming home and taking her out for a late lunch, but when I walked through the front door, I found her sitting on the living room floor with her laptop plugged into our 60-inch TV, blasting "Ava Maria" and photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body with the care and precision of a brain surgeon. This time she'd photoshopped me in front of the Great Pyramids and had included a speech bubble coming from my mouth that said, "I am the modern-day Sphinx, and I am married to my wife!" Her skills had improved greatly over the past five years.. "Oh, hi, you're home early," she said, acting like nothing unusual was going on. "I'm working on my submission for the contest.". "What contest?" I asked.. "I told you about it. It's the Disney contest, where they want to see pictures of your head on Mickey Mouse's body. It's a very important contest. They need all the data they can get.". "Data for what? I'm confused." . "You know, just, like, data," she said while quickly gathering up her things and fleeing to a different room, seemingly in an effort to escape further questions. "Don't worry about it.". I saw my therapist later that day and expressed my concerns over the situation, but she didn't see any cause for alarm. In fact, she seemed oddly interested in what my wife was doing and spent the entire session asking me questions about the photoshops and where she could find high-res images of Mickey Mouse so that she could also make some photoshops to submit to the obviously fake contest my wife had invented as a cover for her behavior. I left feeling even more upset than before, and when I got home, my wife could sense the tension.. "Do my photoshops really bother you that much?" she asked, putting her hands over mine.. I told her that, yes, the photoshops did bother me. I told her that I didn't want to have white gloves or yellow shoes. I didn't want red overalls or a damn rodent tail. I just wanted her to love me for me. She nodded along as she listened, and she genuinely seemed to realize that her behavior was hurting me. She went quiet for a few moments and then, with tears in her eyes, promised me that she'd stop photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body.  . And she did, for nearly 8 years. . Our first child was born in 2008, our second in 2011, and those two kids quickly became our entire world. There was no more time to lend to things like photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse, or worrying about having my head photoshopped onto Mickey Mouse. During this period, I felt closer to my wife than I ever had before. We'd started a new chapter, a new family, and things almost felt too good to be true. And that's because they were. . One night, after I thought she had gone to bed, I heard the printer turn on. I walked over and found a piece of paper lying in the printer deck. I picked it up and found my head photoshopped onto a . Steamboat Willie. -era Mickey Mouse, with the phrase "OLD TIME DELIGHT" written in large type underneath. She must've hit print by mistake.. What I did next surprised even myself. I went to my laptop, opened up Photoshop, and then I must've blacked out, because the next thing I knew I had entered our bedroom where she sat, my laptop in one hand, the sheet of paper in the other.. "Honey, I have great news! Disney is doing another contest, and they need my data!" she said when I walked in. "I know you're not crazy about me making my photoshops, but this opportunity is just too good to pass up. If I do a good enough job putting your head onto the mouse, we could win the grand prize!" . I said nothing. I just sat down next to her and opened my laptop, revealing that I had photoshopped her head onto the body of Marge Simpson. I had done a pretty terrible job and my wife's head covered about half of Marge's body, but I got the message across. My wife now understood how it felt to have your soulmate crudely photoshop your head onto a cartoon character. A single tear fell down her cheek. . The next morning, she revealed to me that she'd deleted the Photoshop software from her computer. She promised to never photoshop my head onto Mickey's body ever again. We embraced each other tightly, feeling the fullness of our love and all its preciousness--a silent commitment to each other, to our marriage, above all else.. Our 26th anniversary. We sent the kids to my mother's and had our first night on the town in years. We went to a steakhouse and afterward we walked around town until late at night. Then we went to a hotel and made love. It was the happiest I'd been in some time. . Later that night, I woke up and could not fall back to sleep. I decided to wander around the hotel. When I got to the lobby, I saw my wife sitting at a computer in the little business center area. In the hard drive was a USB stick she apparently brought from home, with Photoshop preloaded onto it. Several hotel employees crowded around her as she photoshopped my head onto Mickey Mouse's body. This time, she had cropped me into a still from the Zapruder film and had a red arrow pointing at me with the caption, "JFK "S KILLER." . "Oh, hi, babe!" she said in a disconcertingly chipper way. "Did you hear? Disney's doing yet another contest with the husbands and Mickey Mouse and the data and whatnot, and there's a . really . big grand prize this time, so just figured I'd make an entry real quick.". I turned around and went back to the room without saying anything. I sat alone on the bed for hours, struggling to come to terms with what I had known deep down for decades now: that my wife wished I had the body of Mickey Mouse. And while I didn't understand it, I realized right then and there that I needed to accept it. The truth was painful, but not unbearable, and I knew our marriage could survive it.. So I decided to just live with it. Yes, that means that I'm destined to a life of occasionally stumbling on my wife photoshopping my head onto Mickey Mouse's body, but that's okay. It's worth it if I get to be with her, because at the end of the day, I still can't imagine a better partner, better mother, better lover, or better friend, and I'll endure as many Mickey Mouse photoshops as necessary to keep her in my life. Hell, I'll even play along with it. I actually just bought a Mickey Mouse mascot costume without the head on eBay, and I'm going to surprise her and put it on later tonight. Sure, it's a bit old, it stinks, and the tail was clearly taken from some sort of dragon mascot--but I know she "ll love it. I know she "ll love me., What The Fuck, Those Aren't For You: Mom Just Got A Fenty Bra. Justice At Last: This Man Was Just Released From Prison After Serving 25 Years For A Crime He Didn't Even Feel Like Committing That Much. Feminist Win! This Woman Is Wearing A Ton Of Makeup, Which For Her Is Way Braver Than Going No-Makeup Because She Is Fucking Terrible At Putting On Makeup. Go On, Lick The Steering Wheel. Whatever, Just Let The Fuckers Do What They Want: This Middle Schooler Just Chose  "Questlove " As Her French Class Name And The Teacher Just Nodded And Said Sure. Goddammit, He's Literally The Last Person Who Deserves This: A Caravan Of Royal Courtiers From Faraway Just Arrived In DC To Inform Mitch McConnell That He's Been A Prince All Along. Today I Watch Frist YouTune Video And Let Me Juts SayI Will Not Be Doinf Taht Again (By Queen Elizabeth II).       In order to stay competitive, companies are constantly looking for ways to keep fresh and adapt to the times, and it looks like the biggest name in fast food is doing just that by updating one of the most iconic fixtures of its brand identity: McDonald's just announced that Ronald McDonald's name has officially been changed to INTENSITY.. Wow, this is truly the end of an era. Now it's INTENSITY's time to shine!. McDonald's announced the name change in a press release earlier today and has quickly begun updating all marketing materials, merchandise, and licensing agreements to reflect their clown mascot's new identity as INTENSITY, discontinuing the Ronald McDonald moniker from here on out.. Check out the press release in its entirety below:. "McDonald's is proud to unveil Ronald McDonald's new name: INTENSITY. This is what you should call him now. Thank you.". In conjunction with the announcement, McDonald's rolled out a series of billboards and ads around the country today to spread word of the name change, most of which feature a black-and-white photo of INTENSITY staring directly into the camera with no expression on his face. After decades of smiling and clowning around, it appears that the mascot formerly known as Ronald McDonald is now much more serious and zeroed in on his goals, trading his trademark happy wave for a steely eyed gaze and no-nonsense attitude.  . Damn. INTENSITY has arrived, and he is ready to be the face of fast food for a whole new generation. . While it'll undoubtedly take most of us a long time to get used to referring to the mascot by his new name, we're sure that INTENSITY will grow on us eventually. Kudos to McDonald's for taking a big swing and trying something new., Fount Of Wisdom: This Person's Worldview Is Gradually Being Shaped By Viral Tweets From TV Writers Whose Politics Are Entirely Based On Viral Tweets From Other TV Writers. They Are PISSED: Hanes Is Going Off On Twitter About How The Front Flap In Their Briefs Is For Warming Your Hands, Not Sticking Your Penis Through. Mother's Footsteps Are Approaching. She Must Smell Your Ice Cream.. Devastating: This Biographer Spent 40 Years Studying General Patton When All It Takes To Write A Book Is To Just Make Shit Up About Elves. Just Saying: 5 Things Incest Doesn't Negatively Affect In Any Way. What The Fuck, Those Aren't For You: Mom Just Got A Fenty Bra. Justice At Last: This Man Was Just Released From Prison After Serving 25 Years For A Crime He Didn't Even Feel Like Committing That Much.       When most peolpe think of conpuntr , they think of vindeo game, or doing taxers, or even wanting YouTune , but did you knowm that compurter can anctually be a great freind to have when something sand happen to youre brian?. Recently I, lost somwhen who was very clothes to me and Who I had knowne for a very longtime. I never knew his name, but I knew his smile ...his Touch ....and his charn. And it seem like He Was never gonna die, which I alway's found confrorting, and it seens like I was married To this man. . Spending time with He made my life seem very long ,and that is a nice. This man was a prince to many, but he waw a Kling to me. A large, muscular, stount, man. No barrel in the world could fit my big lardge prince inside , because his physical proportions and size of his entire skin was barrel-busting indeed, his short brown haur mildy flowing in the wind. . It feel's nice to talk about those you love after they gone into the die, and no one is better listenig at me than computer. Computer never share yor secrtet or gossip about you, never sell you're story to the press, and give you great anwer when you wanna know about thing like good restaraunt or best sunglass. It liek a diary that can also think and do YouTunes. . When hard time happen, it diffuclt to apprean normal to those around you who not as close to the sad expreneince as yourself. It may be nencencary to speak with someone who share simlar experients with you, but if no one is available , it nice to have option of computer , . Thank you comppurt for listen to my story about my sad day. I feel lot bettern and now I think it might be time to finally log on and do my other favorreet computer actuvity like prankle a round of cluffs or dremand penswinch. . Many loves to my fair prince who will forever be remberered onto my computer. I have many clips of him in jpeg and mpeg ,to watch . It almost like he live inside computet now, which is what I think he always would have wanted. . Logged off now, . Her maglesty Queen Elizepht 11,    There are many unspoken rules in social media, and if you're not careful to observe them, you can stir up some serious drama. Point in case: the Instagram story you just casually tapped through might be the kind where you have to respond or else it'll seem rude. . Hmm, tough call. You Don't want to be an asshole, but you're not exactly trying to have a conversation right now.  . It all began just moments ago, as you were mindlessly tapping through Instagram Stories, just killing time on your phone. Suddenly, you realized you'd tapped past a friend's Story where they announced that their family dog had died. Though you'd never met this dog, and you Don't recall your friend posting about the dog previously, you still think this post might warrant a direct response. Or maybe not. It's really a toss-up whether it'd be insulting if you didn't reply. But knowing your friend can see you listed under the Story's SEEN BY tab, the stakes are getting higher with every second that ticks by. . This is a total gray area. Could be weird to reply. Could be just as weird to not acknowledge it at all. Fuck, this is stressful. . There are countless factors to weigh as you determine your next move. Would responding with a nice emoji, like a heart or something, suffice? Or would that seem lazy and thoughtless? It's also worth noting that you are on this person's CLOSE FRIENDS list, which probably means you have more responsibility than just an average follower. And making things even more complicated, this Story was posted 23 hours ago, so a reply now might also feel too late, right? Like, maybe they've already moved on? It's hard to say. . Damn, this is tricky. . Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like there's really a clear-cut answer on what you're supposed to do here. When you opened up Instagram a few minutes ago, all you wanted to do was mindlessly scroll through some pictures, but now you're suddenly all tangled up in a twisted mind game. Fuck. The stakes feel incredibly high here. You better not fuck this up. Good luck.,
    If for some reason you still happen to respect Dad as an authority figure, that's all about to change, because today the old man is proving just how pitiful he truly is: Dad is currently napping all curled up in a ball, like, in the fetal position, with his eyes slightly open.. Oof. Tough look for a guy who fancies himself a respected figure around the house.      . The pathetic scene started unfolding earlier this afternoon, when Dad got home from what he called a "busy morning" but just entailed a quick trip to the gym for a 20-minute elliptical workout followed by a stop at Lowe's on the way back to buy some poison to kill the rodents who keep eating all his patio plants. Thrilled to find the living room unoccupied, Dad microwaved himself some leftover raviolis for lunch, popped on a History Channel show about the origin of Heinz ketchup, and sunk into the couch to feast. It wasn't long before the food started making him sleepy, prompting him to kick back on the couch in his blue jeans (instead of comfortable pants like a normal person) and have himself a little snooze.    . By the time the Heinz ketchup show ended and a new show about how NASA poached Nazi scientists began, Dad was fast asleep and curled up in a ball like an incredibly large baby in utero, swaddled head to toe in the scratchy floral quilt Grandma made years ago that's usually used in a purely decorative capacity due to it being uncomfortable and weird-smelling. His elliptical workout must've really tuckered him out, as he managed to stay soundly asleep despite the TV being insanely loud. Like, the janky-ass stereo system that Dad incorrectly installed himself back in 2007 was basically shaking the entire house during commercials for military-grade flashlights and Bosley hair restoration, and through it all, the man was out like a light. Meanwhile, the family just sort of had to quietly maneuver around him all day as he unconsciously drooled all over Mom's nice throw pillows, inconsiderately commandeering the biggest common space in the entire house instead of sleeping in the privacy of his bed, which was literally 15 feet away in the next room over.. But in addition to showing off his weird and embarrassing sleeping habits--which, by the way, include the occasional whimper, like the sound a dog makes when having a nightmare--Dad's eyes have remained slightly open the entire time, making him look like an absolute psychopath. Honestly, if a stranger were to walk inside right now, they truly wouldn't know what to make of the scene: a moderately overweight baby boomer sleeping with his eyes slightly open, pillows wedged between his knees to help with the chronic pain he suffers as a result of decades of taking beer league softball too seriously, his worn-out 2004 Eagles NFC East champions crewneck riding up to reveal a tantalizing glimpse of his pale, hairy belly. He looks like shit, to be honest.. Seeing Dad in his current state, it's hard to process that this is the same guy who's been talking a big game recently about getting a gun permit for "home protection," as he really looks like one of the softest, most cowardly humans imaginable. The only way he could possibly rebound from this is by doing something drastic--like, maybe stepping in to fight a stranger who's threatening people in public, or perhaps even picking a fight himself. Until then, it'll be nearly impossible to respect him as head of the household. ,    If you were hoping that one of the most malicious bastards in American politics would see some kind of comeuppance for the lasting harm he's done to our country, we're sorry to have to tell you that things are only getting better for him: A caravan of royal courtiers from faraway just arrived in Washington DC to inform Mitch McConnell that he's been a prince all along.. Goddammit. This is not how karma is supposed to work.. The whole bullshit affair began earlier this afternoon when a group of about a dozen men clad in sumptuous robes of fine cloth approached the Kentucky senator outside the Capitol to ask if his parents had been Addison and Julia McConnell of Athens, Alabama. McConnell answered affirmatively, prompting the oldest of the men to ask if he perhaps had a distinctive crescent-shaped birthmark just below his left collarbone, which McConnell said that he did. After excitedly conferring among themselves for a moment, the whole group then knelt down in solemn obeisance and announced that there could be no mistaking that he was the long-lost prince of their distant kingdom, which honestly would have been a beautiful moment if it weren't happening to such an irredeemable piece of shit.. As they crowned him with a splendid emerald diadem and bestowed upon him an extremely badass heirloom sword, the courtiers went on to explain that McConnell had been spirited away as an infant to protect him during a period of great strife within the realm, and was left in the care of a childless American couple who vowed to keep his princely lineage a secret for as long as they lived. They then hoisted him aloft on a gleaming gold palanquin to be paraded around the Capitol, which means that in addition to already being one of the richest members of the senate anyway, McConnell now gets to be carried everywhere for the rest of his life, and you can see on his smug fucking face how much the asshole loves it.. Christ, even Rubio would have been better. Fucking Ted Cruz would have been better! . It's downright agonizing to see McConnell happily tapping his feet while his personal bard--which is a thing he has now!--sings a song about how their handsome and valiant prince has at last been returned to them. Here's a guy who's done everything in his power to stop Americans from having healthcare, and he's watching a bunch of lithe, beautiful dancers perform in his honor while a courtier tells him that every single one of the dancers has asked for McConnell to make them one of his wives.. Granted, it's not like anyone could have known that McConnell would grow up to be an obstructionist asshole who has done more to immiserate the American people than almost anyone else living, but it's still a real slap in the face to hear these guys tell him that his palace grounds include an aviary full of exotic birds and a personal orange grove in one of the courtyards. This weasley old prick ratfucked Obama out of an entire Supreme Court Justice, and now a huge, extremely cool-looking warrior guy is telling him that he's his sworn sword and protector and exists only to serve his will. The courtiers even went so far as to yell at Ed Markey for passing by without showing appropriate reverence to their prince, which is pretty fucked up considering that he's an objectively better public servant and human being in general.. Man, everything about this absolutely sucks. It just goes to show that there's simply no goddamn justice in the world in terms of who gets to discover that they've always been a secret prince.,    Now that schools have been remote for nearly a year due to the ongoing pandemic, the challenging working conditions have begun taking a toll on teachers, some of whom are now willing to let things slide that they wouldn't under normal circumstances. Case in point: This middle schooler just chose "Questlove" as her French class name and the teacher just nodded and said "sure.". You know what? It's remote learning. Just let these fuckers do whatever the hell they want.. Earlier today, Madame Klinger, the French teacher at Southern Lehigh Middle School in Center Valley, PA, emailed all of her students a worksheet listing a few dozen traditional French names from which the students were asked to select the name that they'd be called for the rest of the semester. But when one of her students showed up an announce that she'd chosen "Questlove" as her French moniker, Madame Klinger merely nodded and said "sure" before calling on the next student in the Zoom meeting. . While it's pretty common for a couple students to try to get away with a joke name like "Cartman" or "Baguette" before they're inevitably told to pick something else, the fact that Madame Klinger didn't even bother to suggest that the student switch to a name like "Madeline" or "Eloise" just goes to show that she really doesn't give a shit at this point.. If a student wants to be called Questlove for the next four months, so be it. Nothing wrong with taking the path of least resistance until June. It's been a hard year.. As class went on, Madame Klinger only continued to prove just how fully checked out she is. During the next exercise where each student had to introduce themselves and say where they live in French, the student in question answered with, "Je m "appelle Questlove. J "habite a The Roots." Madame Klinger just stared back blankly and replied, "Enchantee, Mademoiselle Questlove," even though it was obvious to the entire Level 1 French class that it didn't make sense for this girl to assert that she "lives in The Roots.". Honestly, whatever. Madame Klinger clearly does not have the energy to put up with her students anymore, and why should she? If the kids want to be little shits, just let them have it. Remote learning is incredibly difficult as-is. Hopefully next school year, things will be better -- but until then, having a student in class who you call Questlove is just going to have to be good enough.,
    With unemployment rates still staggeringly high due to the Covid-19 pandemic, many people have had to change their living situations in order to save money. Unfortunately, not all of those new living situations are a match made in heaven: The Pew Research center has confirmed that the pandemic has forced a record number of uptight, fastidious snobs to move in with their carefree, oafish foils. . Good God. These are the absolute last types of people who should be living together!. The alarming study found that the number of snooty, tweed-and-khakis neat freaks who are living with crumb-speckled, unshaven schlubs is higher now than at any point since the Great Depression, leaving millions of Americans highly vulnerable to uproarious sitcom hijinks spurred by comically incongruous roommate dynamics. Despite the frequent clashes between pretentious snobs who require hours of silence in order to make a dent in their Kierkegaard reading and slackers who are ever-prone to spilling bong water on the very Kierkegaard volumes their roommates are futilely attempting to read, the financial strains caused by the pandemic have left these foils with no choice but to figure out a way to make it work until the end of their leases--that is, as long as the oafs Don't set off a bunch of fireworks and accidentally burn the house down first.. "This pandemic has left many upper crust know-it-alls down on their luck after being laid off from jobs at posh publishing houses, or having narrowly missed out on prestigious academic grants that instead went to their nemeses, with no other option than to take on a Craigslist roommate who made the understatement of the year when they described themselves as  "a little messy, "" said lead researcher Dr. Susan Gu. "And sadly, although these snobs frequently decree that they  "won't stand another night with a fool who thinks Play-Doh is the name of a philosopher, " these living situations are often more permanent than they think, as, now a full year into the pandemic, only one in 30 snobs have managed to find a new roommate who actually has their own toothbrush and doesn't just secretly use theirs.". Additionally, the researchers discovered that this statistic coincides with an uptick in the amount of dishes piled up in the sink attracting ants, as well as a severe increase in the number of unexplained stray dogs in the living room that have apparently been taken in as pets. However, it has had no impact whatsoever on the amount of wrestling pay-per-views watched at high volumes by the slobs, or the number of nights that the slobs " best friends need to crash on the futon--two figures that remain remarkably consistent no matter how many chore charts or passive aggressive comments about poor hygiene their more pedantic roommates throw their way.. Further, while the data showed evidence of rare occasions in which the snobs and slobs were able to put aside their differences and pleasantly knock back a couple of beers together, the researchers noted that those nights usually ended in some kind of utter catastrophe--such as the slob mistaking the snob's grandfather's ashes for Nesquik and drinking them, or the snob eating one of the slob's homemade brownies without realizing there's THC in it and proceeding to lose their mind--that caused the snobs to double down on their uptight ways in the ensuing months. . Yikes!. This study just confirms what these mismatched odd couples should've known before signing onto the same lease: that no meticulous snob who is sent into an OCD spiral at the sight of a slightly askew rug should ever be stuck living with a disheveled boor who somehow thinks it's okay to put his greasy pizza slices directly on the couch. Here's hoping the pandemic ends soon, because there's no way that these people can sustain these outrageous living situations for too much longer., Feminist Win! This Woman Is Wearing A Ton Of Makeup, Which For Her Is Way Braver Than Going No-Makeup Because She Is Fucking Terrible At Putting On Makeup. Go On, Lick The Steering Wheel. Whatever, Just Let The Fuckers Do What They Want: This Middle Schooler Just Chose  "Questlove " As Her French Class Name And The Teacher Just Nodded And Said Sure. Goddammit, He's Literally The Last Person Who Deserves This: A Caravan Of Royal Courtiers From Faraway Just Arrived In DC To Inform Mitch McConnell That He's Been A Prince All Along. Today I Watch Frist YouTune Video And Let Me Juts SayI Will Not Be Doinf Taht Again (By Queen Elizabeth II). Prepare To Eat Shit, Food Dunce: This Man Thinks He Can Swap In His 10-Inch Springform Pan Where The Recipe Explicitly Calls For A 9-Inch Fluted Tart Pan. Sort Of A Wash For Science: Perseverance Found A Turtle On Mars But Accidentally Ran It Over.   
    Get ready to feel uncomfortable, because Mom just made a highly questionable purchase that indicates that, even in her old age, she is apparently still a sexual being: Mom just got a Fenty bra.. What the hell, Mom! Those aren't for you.. Mom, seemingly oblivious to the fact that Rihanna's Fenty brand makes undergarments primarily worn by hot Instagram influencers in thirst traps, just texted you a slightly blurry picture of her new Savage X Fenty bra lying on her bed with the caption "My new bra ....SO CUTE!!" Mom immediately followed up with another text saying, "Cannot wait to where [sic]," even though the only thing Mom does is go the grocery store, which is not exactly the place to wear a purple strappy balconette bra with a metal nameplate that reads "FENTY," especially considering the garment will almost certainly be plainly visible through her white Coldwater Creek blouses. It's unclear why Mom would feel the need to wear a push-up bra when the vast majority of her time is spent in the kitchen preparing various meals, but here we are. . Hmm.. Fenty is big on body positivity and inclusivity, so, to be clear, it's not like they would have a problem with a 64-year-old woman wearing their bras. But based on their provocative ads, it's probably safe to assume that the company's underwear wasn't exactly designed with people who were alive for the Vietnam War in mind. Honestly, it's shocking Mom even wants to wear a bra with a sheer panel surrounding the nipple, but if that's what she wants instead of a modest full-coverage nude bra with extra cushioned straps to prevent sagging, who's to stop her? Still kind of fucked up, though!. Also, it's unclear how Mom even found this bra in the first place. you'd have to be a pretty big Rihanna fan to know about Fenty since it's only sold online, and although Mom always turns up "Umbrella" when it comes on Pandora radio, it's not like she has her ear to the ground about Rihanna's business ventures. Mom must have come across it when googling something like "new bra sexy" on her iPad, where presumably nowhere in the product description was it mentioned that these bras are more for cool girls to wear as going out tops than they are for postmenopausal women whose idea of a going out top is a rhinestone-covered cotton tee from Kohl's.. Seriously, what the hell is Mom thinking with this one? She needs to dress her age, not like Rihanna. Her new bra might honestly scare Dad. She needs to be careful with it. ,
    Wrongful convictions are disturbingly common in the U.S. justice system, and far too often innocent people spend years wasting away in jail with no one to fight for their freedom.  Thankfully, here is a heartwarming story involving an unfair sentence that was recently overturned thanks to a group of dedicated activists: this man was just released from prison after serving 25 years for a crime he didn't even feel like committing that much.. Yes! It is little victories like these that give us hope that things can change. . In 1995, Brad Wylie of North Carolina was involved in an armed burglary and shooting that resulted in him spending more than half of his life in prison, even though he was honestly not even that into the whole thing in the first place. At the time of Wylie's 1996 trial, he was assigned an overworked public defender, who unfortunately failed to introduce a key piece of evidence in the courtroom: security footage which captured Wylie's accomplices perpetrating a vicious, violent crime in a small electronics store while Wylie mostly stayed out of the way and messed around with stereo equipment before reluctantly helping another perpetrator carry a speaker system out to the getaway car while audibly complaining about how heavy it was. Without this critical evidence at Wylie's initial trial, jurors were left with the impression that he had been super jazzed about the events of that fateful night and accordingly found him guilty on all charges.  . How tragic. This man lost 25 years of his life for his half-assed involvement in a crime he was pretty much indifferent towards.. Throughout his decades-long ordeal, Wylie remained adamant that he had actually been more in the mood to chill on the evening of the crime, and never really cared one way or the other about armed burglary or felony murder.  . "If I had been all pumped up to go rob and shoot somebody, sure, lock me up, but the truth is that I actually proposed we go see . Major Payne.  in theaters instead because it had just come out and I thought the trailer was super funny," said Wylie in a statement. "It was hard being away from my family and friends all these years due to a crime I didn't even vibe with in the slightest. I didn't want to steal a speaker system--I already had a pretty good one at home. I just wanted to go see a Wayans brothers movie."  . In 2015, legal activists from the Innocence Project received a letter from Wylie in prison, and they eventually agreed to take on his case. "It was clear that in terms of excitement towards the crime in question, Brad Wylie was probably at around a four or five out of ten, max," said Nell Stevenson, an attorney with the organization. . Innocence Project lawyers and volunteers then set off on a tireless search for evidence that would exonerate Wylie, and in 2019 they uncovered just that. A paralegal combing through Wylie's financial files came across a receipt for a rental of . Blankman. , another popular Wayans brothers movie from the time, time-stamped just an hour before the crime, clearly supporting Wylie's testimony from the trial that his sole intention that evening was to watch some sort of Wayans brothers movie, and he only tagged along for the crime because he thought his buddies would catch a flick with him after. Wylie was granted a retrial where his lawyers were able to present this new evidence, and the North Carolina Supreme Court unanimously ruled to overturn his conviction, making him a free man.. Wow. We can't imagine the arduous ordeal Brad Wylie went through these past few decades, but we are extremely thankful that he is now able to start living his life again. This story reminds us that there are so many people sitting in prisons in the U.S. who probably never felt like breaking the law at all. It's wrong, and we hope that more attorneys like Nell Stevenson will work to free these people and make our country a more humane and just place.,    Okay, just hear us out. We all know that incest can have harmful impacts on the people involved. But in order to take a rational, fact-based stance on the matter, you need to consider it from every angle. So here are some things that incest doesn't negatively affect in any way. . While factors like CO2 and plastic waste definitely wreak havoc on the environment, incest does not. Sorry, but if you claim to have an informed position on incest, you must acknowledge that sexual relations between closely related people--like two cousins, for example--will not have any adverse climate implications whatsoever. Sure, acts of incest will produce some emissions, but not the kind that damage the atmosphere. And there is not yet any evidence to suggest that two cousins fornicating would contribute to the alarming rates with which sea levels are rising. So, uh, yeah. Doesn't seem like incest hurts the environment at all. Just something to keep in mind.. Last year, our country faced a moral reckoning in the wake of police killings that exposed widespread systemic racism and sparked nationwide protests. As millions took to the streets to chant "Black Lives Matter" and "No Justice, No Peace," you got to admit that no one was chanting "Incest Caused All This" or "Don't Date Your Grandma." Even the counter-protesters defending the police with their "Blue Lives Matter" signs weren't saying anything about how police officers should be allowed to go home at the end of every day and have sex with their families. It's because both sides knew that incest, with all of its cons, didn't worsen any of the issues that they were fighting for in any way, shape, or form. And that must not be overlooked.. Look, we're not saying that we're in favor of incest or anything like that, but you can't expect anyone to take your beliefs on the subject seriously if you refuse to acknowledge the issues that are in no way exacerbated by incest, like the threat of asteroids. Astronomers around the world have long warned us of the extinction-level dangers posed by asteroids, but never have they urged people to curb incestuous behavior to mitigate the risk. Even Hollywood, with all of its far-fetched imagination, has yet to produce a Sci-Fi film about a team of scientists who must stop an aunt and her nephew from making love at a Ramada Inn before they summon an asteroid that destroys the planet. If that happened in . Armageddon. , it would have made no sense. Point is, you should always keep asteroids in mind when considering where you stand in the incest debate.. Everyone knows that director Woody Allen has been engaging in incest for decades now, but that hasn't stopped him from releasing new movies every single year that have received critical acclaim and a bunch of Oscar nominations. You can't expect to form a thoughtful opinion on incest without taking into account that it clearly has not hindered Woody Allen's ability to repeatedly secure millions of dollars in funding and cast A-list actors to continue building on his film legacy unimpeded. Maybe if Woody Allen was a baker or a dentist who married his ex-wife's adopted daughter, people like Jesse Eisenberg and Emma Stone and Christoph Waltz wouldn't want to work with him. But if you're a filmmaker worried about whether or not incest will be a burden on you doing what you love, Woody Allen's career should put you at ease.. There's no denying that incest has harmful and lasting consequences on families and their households, but their tax returns, for what it's worth, remain completely unscathed. Just saying, nowhere on a 1040 form does it ask if the family members you're claiming as dependents are sleeping with one another. You think the IRS cares about your son's Oedipus complex? You think you're going to get less money back if you file jointly with the uncle you married? It goes to show that there are some select things that incest has no negative impact on whatsoever., Heartwarming: When This Terminally Ill Kid Asked To Meet B.J. Novak, The Make-A-Wish Foundation Gave Her A List Of More Impressive Celebrities They Have Access To. Missing His Old Routine: This Man Just Wants Quarantine To End So He Can Go Try On Clothes At Red Lobster. 5 Magical Cyber Gems That, When Printed Out And Combined As One, Will Arm You With The Awesome Power Of The Internet!. With Great Art Comes Great Sacrifice: 5 Times Jacuzzi Phil Dove Head First Into The Jacuzzi And Broke His Skull. Hard To Watch: This Man Is Pathetically Searching His Empty Box Of Chocolates For A Second Layer. Body Positivity Win: Schick's New Ad Campaign Argues That Women Don't Have To Shave To Be Beautiful, But They Still Need Schick Razors For Self Defense. The Fact That These Animals Have Killed People Does Not Make Them Any Less Adorable. They Are Beasts And Do Not Know Better..       It's not easy living as a woman in a society where every aspect of your appearance is constantly scrutinized, but here's a beautiful story that will inspire you to be bold and do your own thing rather than worrying about unrealistic beauty standards: this woman is wearing a ton of makeup, which for her is way braver than going no-makeup because she is fucking terrible at putting on makeup.. Yes! This is so empowering--we have no choice but to stan!. This morning, 28-year-old Rosie Brecker of Austin, Texas boldly stepped out of her house in a full face of makeup, which may seem like an attempt to conform to typical beauty standards, but is actually a super subversive, anti-beauty-culture act given that every time she puts makeup on it looks completely fucking awful. Despite living in an appearance-obsessed culture her entire life, Rosie somehow never quite figured out how liquid eyeliner works or what blush is really supposed to do, and now, every time she tries to do a clumsy cat-eye look or applies the too-bright lipstick she thinks gives her a sort of child-pageant-contestant vibe, it takes all the inner strength and confidence she has to step out in public and strut her stuff. Rosie knows for a fact that putting $150 worth of products from Sephora on her face makes her look at best like a confused preteen and at worst insane, but she is bravely sticking it to the patriarchy by looking god-awful in her makeup anyway!. Go Rosie!. Some women feel pressure to put on foundation, mascara, and lip gloss every single day just so they can hide their imperfections and look "good enough" to show their faces in public, but not Rosie. In fact, going bare-faced is way more of a safe choice for her, since the way she puts on base makeup actually makes her look like she has a skin condition. But according to a powerful post she recently put up on Instagram, she's no longer content to play it safe.. "Normally I Don't do this, but I decided to throw caution to the wind and put on foundation, concealer, mascara, eyeshadow, eyeliner, lipstick, and blush before going out today," read the caption on Rosie's courageous post. "And I'm posting a picture because I want women everywhere to know that you can still be your beautiful, radiant self in makeup, even if you're absolute dogshit at putting it on. Yes, it makes me feel vulnerable to go out in public with blush that goes all the way up to my temples because I think I saw that in a magazine one time, but sometimes, a little vulnerability is better than a lot of perfection. So Don't be afraid to wear makeup, even if you're a complete fucking idiot at it like I am.". Yes! Posting an awkward selfie of herself in almost clown-like makeup is actually far more impressive than any celebrity's no-makeup pic, because the sheer lack of skill with which Rosie applied her new highlighter stick is a true slap in the face to the idea that women need to look flawless at all times. Rosie looks like straight-up garbage right now, and she is getting out there and taking up space like the messed-up eyeshadow queen she is. Get it, girl!. Yep, this is giving us the confidence boost we need to get through the day. It's so awesome to see a woman wearing bad makeup in a society that tells her every day that she can't! Rosie, you are our hero--keep fighting the good fight, because you're inspiring us in a major way.,    Uh oh. You hear that? The wailing has stopped. Mother has risen from her tantrum and she is coming this way. She must smell your ice cream. Mother smells your ice cream, and she will not stop tracking the scent until she finds it. This is not good. . Remain calm, you've been through this before. you've baby-proofed the house so she can no longer rip out the doorknobs or leap from the windows. you've locked yourself in the bathroom to establish a barrier. But still. You must be cautious. Mother has caught the scent of your ice cream, and you can hear her scuttling about upstairs, her bare feet slapping against the hardwood as she emerges from her garret, sniffs her way down the hall and towards the stairs. She clacks her teeth with excitement. . Mother's nose is like a bloodhound's, and the scent of ice cream leaves her riled for days. She's too frightened by the noise the ice machine makes to go to the freezer and get ice cream for herself. She must wait until you have some, then she strikes. . She's getting closer. You hear her briefly pause to sniff an electrical outlet, then she howls with disgust. The patter of her feet resumes, and a chill goes down your spine. She's getting closer. You hurry to eat your ice cream while you can.. There is a loud shriek, followed by violent commotion. In her eagerness, Mother has tumbled down the stairs in a pitiful heap, buying you precious time. You dare not go help her, as the smell of ice cream is already on your breath, and she would surely scratch you. You are safer where you are. . What's curious is that Mother doesn't even like the taste of ice cream. She sniffs it until it completely melts, then pours it down the drain. But the scent--the scent just does something to her. She becomes ...something else. Something you Don't recognize. Once she catches a whiff of ice cream, she will not be deterred, not even by the can of pennies you usually shake to scare her off. It is not the Mother you know and love. . She has recovered from her fall and is now frantically crab-walking towards the bathroom. Her sniffing intensifies as she zeroes in on the ice cream. Panicked, you gulp down one heaping spoonful after another, but even if you finish, it will not matter. Mother has caught the scent, and it has possessed her. She is coming. . The floorboards just outside the door are creaking. Mother has arrived, and she is not leaving without ice cream. As you rush to finish the last few bites, she begins to moan and spin impatiently. She huffs her nostrils through the crack in the door, producing steam and condensation like breath in the dead of winter, even though the house is warm. . You eat as fast as you can, but it isn't fast enough. There is a great and terrible thud, followed seconds later by another, then another. She is curling up into a cannonball and throwing all of her weight at the door, desperately trying to break through. She is sick with yearning for the ice cream, unaware that you have just taken the last bite.. There's a little bit of melt in the bowl that you can't get with your spoon. Perhaps you could give it to her. Probably wouldn't do any harm. At the very least you can let her smell the bowl. Mother loves to smell the bowl.. You crack open the door just enough to slip the bowl outside, and Mother screams with delight. You hear her crouch down and take a quick cautious sniff, making sure it's not a trap. . All clear. . She then indulges herself with three more deep sniffs, letting the ice cream scent permeate every particle of her nostrils. Satisfied, she hurls the bowl against the wall and goes on her way, scooting her rear across the floor as she hastily returns to her garret. All is calm. . There is no greater joy than seeing Mother happy, and after today she will surely be grinning for weeks. Well done. Mother loves you very much. What a good child you are. ,    If you wear Hanes underwear, you might want to brace yourself, because it looks like the company has a serious bone to pick with its customers: Hanes just went off on a heated Twitter rant about how the front flap in their briefs is for warming your hands, not sticking your penis through.. Damn. Hanes is really pissed!. In an angry Twitter rant posted earlier today, Hanes revealed that they recently learned that virtually no one puts their hands inside the little slit in the front of their underwear to keep their hands warm, which the company says is its sole purpose. The clothing company, seeming equal parts frustrated and baffled over the revelation, held absolutely nothing back in an explicit series of tweets taking its customers to task:. Yikes!. Rage tweeting is never a good look, and it's doubtful that Hanes will win any new customers with this next-level tantrum. Here's hoping that Hanes can move past this perceived slight and accept that not everyone is going to use their products exactly as the company might've envisioned. If you think about it, there are honestly lots of different ways one could make use of an underwear flap, and it would benefit Hanes to celebrate these myriad possibilities rather than shame the loyal customers who keep their company in business.,    Our world is overwhelmingly complex. Forming your own beliefs and values can be a lifelong process, and the answers to questions of right and wrong are rarely black and white. Luckily for social media user Kelsey Lusk, she's found a powerful source of enlightenment to help guide the way: her worldview is gradually being shaped by viral tweets from TV writers whose politics are entirely based on viral tweets from other TV writers. . Truly, she has stumbled on an endless fount of wisdom!. In recent months, Lusk has been logging onto Twitter every day to tune her moral compass to the hot takes of humorous TV writers who in turn set their own moral compasses to the hot takes of more successful TV writers who have mastered the art of reducing complex socioeconomic or political issues into one-dimensional issues that can be easily neutralized by deploying a clever tweet or reaction GIF. Lusk's Twitter feed is like stepping into a modern-day . School of Athens. , transporting her into a vibrant intellectual playground where working screenwriters brilliantly skewer current events with whip-smart insights that mirror the popular consensus of people who have even more social media clout than themselves and have the courage to "punch up" at powerful figures such as controversial politician Donald Trump. Thanks to these thought-provoking--yet hilarious!--tweets from sage veterans of cutting-edge late night programs such as . @midnight. , Lusk is now equipped with all the retweets captioned "THIS" and memes espousing basic moral platitudes that she needs to navigate these troubled times. . While it can be difficult to trust what you read on the Internet, Lusk can feel confident that the wisdom she's gleaning from these philosophical giants is well-informed. Blue checkmarks, validating replies from Andy Richter, degrees from Ivy League colleges, Twitter bios that vaguely associate the user with numerous digital comedy outlets like . The Onion.  and . Reductress. --these writers boast lofty credentials, and Lusk can have peace of mind knowing that the opinions she's retweeting are not only shrewdly calculated to generate as many LIKES as possible, but they're also factually airtight. Additionally, she can confidently trust the ethical guidance she receives, as most of these writers she follows will eagerly condemn peers for old tweets containing racially insensitive jokes that they themselves also used to make but no longer do, having matured in character since those long-ago days of 2014 when TV shows could openly use the R word but everyone was okay with it for some reason. Indeed, these digital elders are living testaments to the fact that enlightenment is a journey, not a destination. . Lusk has already acquired many lifetimes of wisdom from these individuals she follows, and thanks to their pathological thirst for attention and validation, it seems that there will never be any shortage of new insights she can take away from her Twitter feed. Their views evolve with the world and the trending topics around them, and Lusk can feel emboldened on her own path of discovery by looking to these online mentors, whose guidance is indispensable when it comes to timely issues such as whether enough time has passed for one to replace #BLM in their Twitter bio with their writing credits. . What an exciting time to be alive!. In an age of misinformation and partisan distrust, it's wonderful to see these guardians of social discourse spreading righteous knowledge with razor-sharp one liners that are then disseminated to the masses through the retweets of eager young learners like Lusk. We can all rest easy knowing that the Truth is in the hands of these fearless TV writers and the more successful TV writers whose validation they so desperately seek. , Amazing Innovation! Boston Dynamics Invented A Robot That Says  "Stop It " When You Sneeze. A Wench's Worst Nightmare: This Wench Is Hardly What you'd Call Buxom. Possible  "Malcolm In The Middle " Revival? Frankie Muniz Just Whispered  "Prepare " Before Vanishing From His Containment Chamber During A Power Failure. Self Care FTW: Joe Biden Just Announced That He's Going To Stop Pressuring Himself To Be Hyper-Productive During The Pandemic And Instead Just Focus On His Mental Health. A Bit Underwhelming: Universal Studios Just Announced Its Only New Attraction This Year Is A Yellow Slide With  "Mr. Krabs " Written On It. Readjusting To Civilian Life: Donald Trump Keeps Accidentally Shitting All Over The Floor Because His Mar A Lago Toilet Is In A Different Place Than The White House Toilet He's Used To. Come And Git It, Boys! 6 Hunky Ranch Hands Who Could Use A Little Patricia In Their Lassos.       Billions of years ago, a great galactic clap brought the Earth into being, and for eons residual dark energy hummed at the planet's core, animating the prebiotic compounds that would one day spark life. Over time this unvented energy concentrated into something purer but more volatile, forming a crackling spheroid of heterotrophic might that grew more and more potent until it could no longer be contained, triggering a tremendous eruption of ultralight brilliance that largely dissipated into the stillness of space, leaving behind no evidence of its existence but for five precious gems that absorbed some of its godlike power and then sat undisturbed for many millions of years, waiting to be discovered. . In the year 2014 A.D., ClickHole collected each of these five gems and brought them together as one, producing a dazzling surge of white-hot WiFi and HTML code that refracted up into blazing vectors and swirled into a primordial cyclone of sheer, unalloyed Internet, which we then funneled into a computer and harnessed to bring our site into being. And now we have decided to share these gems and their incredible potential with you, our readers, trusting that you will use them to do good online. To unlock their energy, simply print them out and stick them together with tape or glue, then stand back and cover your eyes so you're not blinded by their extraordinary intensity. . Behold the Cyber Gems!. Ah, the Gem Of Email! This dynamic ancient stone is an augur of good fortune online, magnetically attracting nice things to your inbox, such as news that your LinkedIn page is getting clicks or electronic coupons for 20 percent off your next purchase at Old Navy. It also casts away the evil spirits that wish to haunt your inbox with heinous spam and unsolicited catch-up emails from distant college acquaintances you no longer care for. Print out the Gem Of Email and add it to your Wreath Of Gems for protection--it will not fail you!. You are now a guardian of the Gem Of Laptop, which will ensure that your computer is never infiltrated by malevolent forces, even if you visit websites that harbor wicked content such as cuss words or scary images of the terrible villain Harley Quinn. But possessing the Gem Of Laptop is a grave responsibility--you must pledge to ensure that it never falls into the hands of an Enemy Of ClickHole, such as Bashar al-Assad or the rude gorilla Oscar the Grouch, who seek to wield it against mankind as a weapon of mass suffering.. Print out the Gem Of Fire and let its crimson glow wash all over you so that you can be protected from the most horrible fate of all: your computer catching on fire! To activate its defenses, however, you must first charge the Gem of Fire beneath the light of solstice. If the gem is not charged each year during the summer and winter solstices, its fierce light will dim, and it'll only be a matter of time before your laptop or internet-capable device bursts into flames and melts.. One of the most beautiful Cyber Gems of them all is the Gem Of Purple! The Gem Of Purple shines like a prismatic celestial grape, its breathtaking purple color rendering all who gaze upon it catatonic with awe. This gem is mostly decorative.. The Webmaster's Gem is the supreme gem that awakens the powers of the other four. This gem was the first one to emerge from the primordial soup so many billions of years ago, and it will be the gem that outlasts all the others, along with every other object in our material universe. Within it lies the informational capacity of one thousand Wikipedias, the social influence of one million Instagram accounts, and the erotic horsepower of a billion PornHubs! It breaks not underneath the weight of the Internet, for its power exceeds even that of the Internet itself!. But there is a fearsome beast who guards the Webmaster's Gem, and you must slay him before the gem can be yours. You will not defeat the beast with brawn or wit, nor will he be felled by weapons of man. The beast can only be slain by those who are worthy--those who are pure of heart and certain of their true purpose. If you are not worthy, you will certainly die. . Do you believe in your heart of hearts that you are worthy? If so, then you may proceed. Call upon the strength of your ancestors, approach the beast without fear, and deploy the slider below to vanquish this enemy:. Wow! You did it! You have proven yourself worthy of the Webmaster's Gem.. Now, take your prize and gather it together with the four other shimmering gems, then ignite their collective power by using the ancient ritual of printing, cutting, and taping them into a powerful, unbroken circle, as demonstrated here:. This is your Sacred Wreath Of Gems, and you must place it near to your computer so that it may protect and serve you at all times. DO NOT GET YOUR GEMS WET! This is of vital importance; they will not work if they're wet. If you would like to bring them into the bathroom with you to admire while sitting on the toilet, be sure to first secure them inside a dry Ziploc bag. . Besides that, do what you will with your gems, and surf the web with confidence knowing that these miraculous stones give you virtually unlimited power as an internet user. Do not lord your powers over others, but do not hide them either, for you are now a Keeper Of The Gems, and thus it is your solemn duty to spread goodness and viral content to every corner of the web. Surf, surf, O Protected One, for it is your destiny! Godspeed.,    There are some lines you just Don't fucking cross when preparing baked goods, and one particularly egregious dipshit is about to learn the hard way that his actions have consequences: This man thinks he can swap in his 10-inch springform pan where the recipe explicitly calls for a nine-inch fluted tart pan.. Un-fucking-believable. Truly a historic milestone in kitchen dumbassery. . Until about five minutes ago, amateur baker Ryan Stromberg was a normal man living a respectable life, but by deciding to use his 10-inch springform in open defiance of the.  tarte au citron.  recipe he's currently attempting, he has chosen to throw all that away in order to enter a remedial dimension of pure and unrelenting dogshit. Nevermind the fact that the suggested baking time and ingredient measurements were made specifically for a nine-inch fluted tart pan--this ignorant bastard's unconscious drive for punishment far outweighs his capacity to visualize the cracked, dried-to-hell abomination to which he is negligently playing midwife.. Taken in a vacuum, Stromberg's preparation of the tart shell's . pate sucree.  might seem competent, perhaps even skilled, but a single look at the 10-inch springform awaiting use on his counter indicates that the King Imbecile of Desserts here is all but gleefully aiming the pan equivalent of a shotgun at the tart equivalent of his skull. Does he think using the springform will make it look "rustic" or something? Does he legitimately believe he knows better than the recipe? Or does he do this purely to inflict as much suffering and anguish on actual bakers as he possibly can short of filming himself beheading Mary Berry? Whatever the case, the man is going to waste four good lemons on his recipe-defying trainwreck, and for that alone he is a deserving candidate for lobotomy.. Watching him so arrogantly plow ahead towards certain lemon tart destruction, you can't help but feel an urge to backhand him across the face and scream, "HEY THERE, FUCKO! HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO TRIM AWAY THE EXCESS SHORTCRUST PASTRY TO FORM AN EVEN EDGE AFTER BLIND BAKING? MAGIC? you're FUCKED, DUDE! YOU HAVE DUG YOUR OWN INCORRECTLY SIZED GRAVE! YOU FUCKED AROUND WITH FORCES BEYOND YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND NOW THAT 10-INCH SPRINGFORM PAN IS YOUR FUCKING COFFIN. MAY THE SCOURING SANDS OF MEMORY ERASE EVERY LAST VESTIGE OF YOUR EXISTENCE SO THAT YOU CANNOT STAIN THE DIGNITY OF BAKERS ANY LONGER, YOU DEAD-EYED PIG-BRAINED BITCH! CASTRATE YOURSELF WITH A FIVE-SPEED HAND MIXER NOW TO SAVE MANKIND FROM YOUR TOXIC GENETIC LEGACY!". Good fucking riddance.. Sadly, the damage is done now, and soon this moron will have to reap the rotten harvest of his infinite fucking ignorance. His tart, without question, is going to be a disaster of Hiroshima-like proportions. . Blech. . We need to detox by reading some great BraveTart recipes or something, because we have truly witnessed a gruesome crime against baking today. May this guy burn in hell forever.,
 Innovation FTW! Toyota Is Printing Dick Van Dyke's Face On Their Airbags So That If You Get In An Accident It Looks Like Dick Van Dyke Is Bursting Out Of Your Steering Wheel To Kiss You. Prioritizing Self-Care: This Woman Is Enjoying Her Pedicure Too Much To Be Bothered By The Very Obvious Human Trafficking Situation Going On In The Nail Salon.  "90s Kids Rejoice! PBS Is Re-Releasing The Banned  "Magic School Bus " Episode Where The Class Shrinks Down And Tails Ms. Frizzle's Boyfriend To Find Out If He's Cheating On Her. Absolutely Not: This Kid Is Trying To Bring A Stick Inside. Nature Is Amazing! Researchers Have Determined That Birds Can Still Fly If You Zip A Bunch Of Them Up Inside A Duffel Bag. Sorry, This Kind Of Stuff Isn't Really Our Thing: A Few Pretty Bad Blowjob Tips. 5 Terrifying Life Lessons I Learned While Teaching Badminton To The Elderly.       If you love hearing about big name companies that are making body positivity a priority, this awesome story is sure to put a smile on your face: Schick just released a new ad campaign claiming that women Don't have to shave to be beautiful, but they still need Schick razors for self defense.. So awesome! This is body positivity at its finest!. This week, Schick released a series of advertisements with a simple but powerful message: though women Don't need to get rid of their body hair to feel worthy and attractive, they should continue buying Schick razors to use as weapons in the event of an attack on their person. The empowering campaign includes several must-watch commercial spots that are feminist AF. In one, a woman is shown examining her growing underarm hair in a bathroom mirror with a smile, then looking down her Schick razor with a shake of her head. Just as she goes to throw the razor in the trash, a masked intruder bursts into her bathroom, and she whips around and uses the razor to slit his throat. As the attacker falls to the ground, blood spurting from his neck, the woman turns to the camera and delivers one of the campaign's awesome body positive slogans: "Natural body hair is a good look, but getting murdered isn't. Use your Schick to stay safe!". Wow. It's so heartwarming to see advertising used to spread an amazing message like this one!. The ads also highlight Schick razors " unmatched self defense features, like five-blade technology that ensures a clean swipe at your attacker's jugular, and an ergonomic rubber handle that is easy to grab from your purse or pocket in the event of an assault. "When you find yourself in a hairy situation, Schick's there to help you kill," reads one print ad, which shows a woman with visible body hair brandishing a Schick at an attacker in a darkened alleyway.. Yes, yes, and yes! This is how you do body positivity in 2021!. Kudos to Schick for using their platform to push the progressive message that, though women do not need to shave their body hair to conform to ridiculous beauty standards, they absolutely do need razors to fatally subdue attackers. So powerful! Here's hoping the rest of the beauty industry starts joining Schick in empowering women with the weapons they deserve!,    If you have poor self-esteem and would like to feel a little better about yourself, here's a story of a man doing something so astoundingly pitiful that it'll immediately make you feel better about your own miserable situation: This man is pathetically searching his empty box of chocolates for a second layer.. Oof. Desperation is not a good look!. The downright painful ordeal began when fully grown man Louis Ducomb ate what was very clearly the last piece of the Harry & David assorted chocolate truffles box he had recently been regifted by a family member who didn't want it. Rather than eat the candy in a dignified manner, however, he instead shamelessly wolfed down everything in the box within half an hour, and once he'd finished all the visible chocolates--including the weird yellow-ish nut-speckled ones he doesn't even like but nonetheless ate--he immediately began rifling through the empty paper cups left in the box in a hopeless and frankly barbaric effort to uncover a possible second layer of chocolates, as if he lives in some Willy Wonka-esque fantasyland in which more candy is somehow lying in wait behind every opaque surface.. He truly seems to believe that fumbling around with the edges of the plastic liner at the bottom of the box is going to pay off in a hidden trove of extra chocolates any second now, like the box's emptiness is a sentient, benevolent force that he is capable of bargaining with. No doubt if the family member who regifted Ducomb the box of candy had known he'd wind up like this, hunched ogreishly on his couch, shirt covered with sprinkles, feverishly groping around the empty box as a mindless reflex of having gone more than 30 seconds without sugary matter in his gaping maw, they'd have sooner smothered him with it than let someone they care about so irreparably degrade himself.. There but for the grace of God.. To be clear, there are absolutely boxes of chocolate that contain second or even third layers of chocolates, but Ducomb is choosing to ignore a wealth of evidence indicating that this is obviously not one of those cases. The nearby lid clearly states that the box contains 20 pieces, all accounted for in the first layer's four-by-five layout, and the remaining empty space beneath the liner could not possibly contain more chocolates of the same size as the ones he just boorishly devoured without violating all known principles of three dimensional geometry. If he wanted to, the poor lout could put himself out of his misery simply by picking up the box and realizing that its weight alone definitively precludes the possibility of further sweet treats, but in his vast, seemingly limitless disgrace, he is opting not to do so.. Woof. Get your shit together, man!. It is deeply depressing to watch an adult human being debase himself like this, and we pray to God that we never get anywhere near this point in life. Here's hoping he gives up on his hunt for another layer of chocolates soon, because we're not sure how much more secondhand humiliation we can take. ,    Any major change in life always requires a bit of getting used to, and according to a new report, it seems that is especially true when you're coming down from being the most powerful man in the world: Sources say that Donald Trump keeps accidentally shitting all over the floor because his Mar A Lago toilet is in a different place than the White House toilet he's used to.. Sounds like ol' Donny's having a rough time readjusting to civilian life!. Multiple sources close to the former president say that since leaving the White house, Trump has been absolutely wrecking the carpets at Mar A Lago at least "six or seven times a day" as he struggles to adapt his sphincteral muscle memory to his new surroundings. Sources confirm that it is now a fairly common occurrence for the 74-year-old to abruptly stand up wherever he is, drop his pants and underwear to his ankles, and announce "It is time for me to do brown in my fabulous presidential toilet," at which point he will then absentmindedly stagger 15 paces to the left--the exact distance between the . Resolute . desk and the Oval Office restroom--and expressionlessly drop a large mess of feces onto the carpet. He will then, just as at the White House, make no effort to flush. . "The smell hits you like a brick wall the second you walk into Mar A Lago," revealed one senior aide under the condition of anonymity, adding that while the housekeeping staff has been working diligently to clean the carpets, Trump's infamous beef-centric diet generates far too much feces in a given day for them to keep up. "If Jared or Ivanka are here, they'll gently redirect him to the proper facilities, but otherwise no one really has the balls to correct him. He "ll just mutter something like  "This is where my toilet is " and empty his bowels right where he's standing, and then he "ll brag to whatever Mar A Lago members are around that he gets to use  "the same toilet that George Washington brought to the White House from France. "" . The source went on to reveal that Trump's eldest sons, Donald, Jr., and Eric, have also begun voiding their bowels on the Mar A Lago floor, seemingly in an effort to prove their loyalty to their father. While openly defecating on the ground might seem like yet another example of Trump defying long-established norms as he so often did during his presidency, sources insist that there's nothing political about this behavior and that he "really just does not realize that his new toilet is in a different spot than his old toilet." And with a much smaller Secret Service detail now than he had when in office, this pattern of shitting on the carpet may continue indefinitely, as Trump appears to need a fleet of staffers at the ready to offer him support with locating the lavatory.     . Very gross!. To be fair, it must be quite the adjustment to suddenly go from being the leader of the free world to being just a citizen with no executive power, and certainly other former presidents have struggled with this change in their own specific ways. So we "ll give him the benefit of doubt on this one. But here's hoping the ex-POTUS can quite literally get his shit together and figure out where his new toilet is before his carpet cleaning bills get out of control.,    Jacuzzi Phil is everyone's favorite party time hot tub guy. He stinks of everything fun in the sun, but somewhere along the line his gift became a curse. Jacuzzi Phil has been diving headfirst into jacuzzis for decades and his head has paid the price. Everyone loves him so much, but if he keeps recklessly pile-driving into shallow pools of water, sooner or later he's going to get himself killed.. There were endless possibilities during the hotel pool boom of the early 1990s. People were doing a lot of exciting, innovative stuff in hot tubs, but no one was doing it better than Jacuzzi Phil. However, his diving career nearly came to an end at a Holiday Inn 30 years ago. As dozens of young movers and shakers partied around the hotel's indoor pool, sipping screwdrivers and making sexually inappropriate jokes, Jacuzzi Phil suddenly burst into the room, kicked off his penny loafers, and shouted out his famous catchphrase, "I am doing it again!" to which the adoring crowd, as always, responded, "He's hot for tubbin "!" But then things turned scary.  . Jacuzzi Phil dove, noggin first, right into the hot tub. It took a few moments for the roar of applause to die down before everyone noticed his body floating face down, a noticeable dent in the back of his skull. Witnesses said his head looked like a soda can dropped against the edge of a table. He was rushed to a local hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to repair seven different skull fractures. The doctors said had he not been incorrectly wearing his scuba mask on the top of his forehead, thus absorbing much of the impact, he would've died. . For many years after the Holiday Inn incident, Jacuzzi Phil continued diving head first into hot tubs all over the United States and Eastern Europe without incident. But this all changed one hot July evening at the Cha Cha Cabana Club (next to the Sunset Lagoon) in Miami. That night, Jacuzzi Phil stepped out onto the balcony overlooking the palm tree-shaped pool and shouted "I am doing it again!" to a crowd of cheering onlookers, to which they dutifully replied "He's hot for tubbin "!" while hooting and hollering and slapping their thighs. Then Jacuzzi Phil jumped down into the hot tub, and moments later a collective gasp of horror went through the crowd as a pool of dark blood began to form around their hero's limp neck. A bone fragment had been lodged in his frontal lobe and the resulting dysarthria would have been permanent if not for the dedicated doctors and speech therapists at Miami Presbyterian Hospital. Still, Jacuzzi Phil was unfazed.. Jacuzzi Phil was 33 and in his prime, diving head first into hot tubs for smiling crowds of vacationing families over 200 nights a year. Yet the endless pool parties came to a halt one day at Tortoise Gulch, an indoor water park themed around turtles, when Jacuzzi Phil ascended a ladder he borrowed from a utility closet, shouted "I am doing it again!" to a raucous reply of "He's hot for tubbin "!" and dove towards the hot tub at an awkward angle, landing with a sickening thud that echoed throughout the hushed crowd and was followed shortly thereafter by the eerie moan of his bowels voiding. . Jacuzzi Phil crushed his parietal lobe, causing heavy edema. The doctors had to put him into an induced coma for four months while they waited for the pressure and fluid to drain. His spleen was also removed, although this procedure was elective. . Though jacuzzi culture waned in popularity in the new millennium, Jacuzzi Phil never gave up on his passion. He continued diving into hot tubs, though no longer for crowds of cheering onlookers, as the internet and its myriad thrills had largely rendered jacuzzi-based entertainment obsolete in the eyes of the American public.. One August morning in 2011, he plummeted head first into the jacuzzi at the Red Roof Inn he'd been living at for about a year. When he arrived at the hospital, they discovered his emergency contact was the Red Roof Inn's front desk receptionist. Phil suffered multiple contusions and fractures and practically split his vertebrae in two. After 13 months of observation (it would've only been two months had he not botched a dive into a hospital therapy pool during recovery), Phil left the ICU with dementia pugilistica.. In an ambitious effort to generate some buzz and attract a new generation of fans to the sport of hot tub diving, Jacuzzi Phil staged a death-defying, fanfare-filled dive from a 50-foot platform into a small hot tub he'd erected on the plaza of the 9/11 Memorial & Museum, marketing the stunt as "an artistic interpretation of the famous antics of the 9/11 Falling Man." As always, he preceded his jump by shouting "I am doing it again!" but only a few onlookers knew to shout "He's hot for tubbin "!" in response. Then he jumped, at which point the spectacle took a grotesque turn. . Jacuzzi Phil crushed his frontal lobe and nasal cavity. Then he got up, broken head and all, and took a bow before collapsing into the nearby reflecting pool, at which point security arrived to escort his limp, unconscious body from the premises. In the weeks that followed, specialists would remove significant portions of tissue near the brainstem. One of his doctors said his brain scan looked like a decomposing rat.. Jacuzzi Phil has not yet recovered enough from his injuries to start diving again, and friends and family are hoping that this most recent life-threatening accident will be what finally convinces him to retire. But in reality, asking Jacuzzi Phil to stop diving into jacuzzis would be like asking Tony the Tiger to stop yelling about Frosted Flakes--it's his entire identity, and if you take that away, then he has nothing. Still, considering that he can't even shout his famous catchphrase now without slurring his words due to the multiple compressive cranial neuropathies he's suffered, it's clear that things aren't going to get any better for him. We just pray that he finally comes to his senses and calls it quits soon, otherwise we fear it's only a matter of time before he dives himself into an early grave. ,    Look, yes, these animals might've killed some people, but that doesn't mean we Don't want to cuddle them. They Don't know any better, and they are adorable no matter what they murder.. When you see this dog, you think, . . And when you learn that this dog viciously bit and killed a toddler, you should still think, . , because it does not matter what the dog has done. Dogs are ancient beasts who live on the floor and piss on the floor, and just because they sometimes think a human child is a chew toy doesn't make them any less adorable. Good boy, puppy! Good boy!. D "aww! We wish we could take this panda home and snuggle it, even knowing there's a good chance we might die an identical death to the zookeeper this furry little buddy tore limb from limb. Yep, that's right, this panda killed a zookeeper. But so what? That's what happens sometimes when you go into a small cage with a powerful bear. The smartest panda is still way dumber than the stupidest humans, so why would we expect them to understand the gravity of their crimes?   Just look at this charming panda and smile.. There are maybe four activities an animal can do and one of them is kill people. Animals Don't have things like video games and $14 salads to keep them busy, so if they happen to kill someone, like this elephant did when it stomped a man to death, we won't hold that against them, and we definitely won't let it stop us from looking at this picture to cheer us up on a gloomy day! Elephants are .  cute!. OMG, look at this precious little face! Some people would say you're a bad person for thinking this leopard seal is snuggleable AF just because it attacked a middle schooler on a field trip to the aquarium, slashing the child's jugular and causing him to suffer fatal blood loss. But not us!  Where would this leopard seal have even learned that a 12-year-old human doesn't pose a threat? A book? It can't even read! Just look into this seal's big dopey eyes and you'll immediately forget that it's a child killer.. Nope, not even seeing this lion gnaw at the flesh of the tourist it killed can make us think it's not cute. He looks like grownup Simba! Plus, lions aren't bound to the laws of man--they live by the code of the beast. And that code says they can kill whoever and whatever they want, and look cute as hell doing it!,    If you're starting to get seriously sick of being stuck in lockdown, prepare to feel all the feels, because you're definitely going to relate to this story about someone who is desperate to get out of the house and experience life's simple pleasures again: this man just wants quarantine to end so he can go try on clothes at Red Lobster.. Ugh, yes. We feel this 100 percent. The pandemic seriously needs to end, STAT!. Brent DeBoer of Raleigh, North Carolina has spent the past year working from home and restricting his trips out of the house to the absolute essentials, and at this point, he'd give almost anything to go back the everyday pre-Covid activities he took for granted, like enjoying coffee dates with friends, working out at the gym, and showing up at his local Red Lobster with a shopping bag full of Izod polos and spending a relaxing evening trying on the shirts one by one in the restaurant bathroom's handicapped stall. Before the pandemic, it never even occurred to Brent that there might come a day when he would not be able to walk into to his favorite seafood chain, order a single Cheddar Bay biscuit, and then ask his waiter to help button him into a short-sleeved collared shirt and take pictures of him on a disposable camera he brought from home. But sadly, Brent has not had the chance to do so in nearly a year, and every time he walks by a Red Lobster, he feels a pang of sadness for the old, pre-2020 days, when trying on swim trunks at a restaurant was a weekly occurrence, not a distant dream.. Yep, we all miss the way life used to be too, Brent. Take us back to the before times!. Since the pandemic began, it's been a discombobulating time to say the least, and by now we've all accepted that there are some basic human interactions that are out of reach for us right now. But that doesn't make it any less painful for Brent to accept that, instead of parading through a Red Lobster dining room in a new suit from the adjoining Men's Warehouse and asking for other patrons " opinions by round of applause, he has to order the same suit online, then put it on, and then log into Omegle to get feedback from strangers, many of whom are total weirdos. Life just isn't the same when you can't casually visit an elderly neighbor without wearing a mask, stroll through grocery store aisles without worrying about a deadly virus, or sashay into a Red Lobster to try on clearance sweaters and feed the ones that Don't fit to the lobsters in the lobster tank. But sadly, that's just the reality we have to accept for the foreseeable future. . Pretty much all of us can relate to Brent's frustrations in one way or another, and it's nice that we can at least all go through this trying time together. Let's get our vaccines and end this thing for good so we can all do those simple things we love again. And until then, stay strong, everybody!,    The Make-A-Wish Foundation has brought happiness to hundreds of thousands of children in its decades of operation, and its latest move proves that the organization is still as committed as ever to helping kids in need: When this terminally ill kid asked to meet B.J. Novak, Make-A-Wish Foundation gave her a list of more impressive celebrities they have access to.. Wow! Way to go above and beyond, Make-A-Wish!. Last week, 11-year-old Ellie Ryker, a late-stage leukemia patient, received the incredible news that she could request whatever wish she wanted and the Make-A-Wish Foundation would make it happen. It didn't take Ellie long to decide that she wanted to meet . The Office.  writer and occasional cast member B.J. Novak, and that's when the organization sent her back a list of significantly more famous celebrities that she could meet instead, reminding her that they have the resources to make her wildest dreams come true and that she really shouldn't feel bad about asking for something cooler.. "Ellie, while we too enjoyed B.J. Novak in his numerous appearances on . The Office . and in his tertiary role in 2013's . Saving Mr. Banks. , we just thought we'd reach out and make sure you wouldn't rather meet one of the more big-league celebrities we partner with," began the letter from Make-A-Wish. "Like what about JoJo Siwa? Or Taylor Swift, or even Dwayne  "The Rock " Johnson? Again, B.J. Novak is perfectly fine and all, but we just checked his Wikipedia and it looks like he's pretty much just making weird, unsuccessful iOS apps these days. Not exactly what you'd call a  "working actor. "" . "Like, if you just chose B.J. because you're a fan of . The Office.  but were worried it'd be too much of an ask to request the show's stars, please know that this is definitely not the case," the letter continued. "Want a day with Steve Carrell or Mindy Kaling? We can make that happen. In fact, not only could we get you either of those two, but we could probably get B.J. to tag along as a bonus. Just ask for whatever you actually want, and then we "ll throw in B.J. for the heck of it.". The letter went on to gently remind Ellie of the sad fact that she is indeed terminally ill, which means this is likely her last and only chance to do something cool like this, so it'd really be in her best interests to not hold back at all as far as wishing goes.  . Heartwarming!. Kudos to Make-A-Wish for pulling out all the stops to bring Ellie joy and to make sure that whatever she wishes for isn't something she "ll spend her final days regretting. Not that there's anything wrong with B.J. Novak, but, C'mon. Dream bigger, kid!  , The IOC Has Officially Removed Track & Field Events From The Olympics After Realizing They Mostly Just Consist Of Losers Hopping Around Throwing Sticks And Random Shit. Body Positivity Win: Dove Has Changed The Name Of Their Company To  "Fat People Soap ". 8 People You Correctly Thought Were Dead. A Match Made In Heaven: This Dog And This Other Dog Have Decided To Have Sex With Each Other Because They Are Both Dogs. Wasted Potential: Researchers Have Announced That Apes Could Probably Talk If They Gave It Any Effort At All. Somteim It Fum Imaging I'm Just Relgular Person Driving Around Bicyle And Eating Bread Snadwich (By Queen Elizabeth II). Hell Yes: These Orphans Are Reclaiming Mush By Opening A Fancy Mush Restaurant On The Same Street Where The Headmaster Once Served Them Mush Every Day.       Hey boys! Stop swirlin' those empty lassos around in the air and snag yourself a thick slab of yours truly. Patricia here, and I'm finally all healed up from my surgery and ready to get a little rowdy! Here are some hunky ranch hands who could definitely use a little Patricia in their lassos. ,    Sex advice content performs really well on the internet, and we tried our best here to give you some decent blowjob tips. Ultimately, though, we're just not experts on this sort of thing, so take everything we say here with a grain of salt.. A mouth is already pretty warm, but making it even warmer could maybe make a blowjob feel better? Like, you could just hold a blow dryer up to your mouth for 30 seconds prior to starting, and maybe keep it plugged in so you can reheat your mouth if it cools down as you go. But then again, who knows. We didn't test any of these. Where would we even meet someone? A barbecue? It's not even summer.. you'd probably really get the blood pumping for a rockin' blowjob if both the blowjobee and the blowjobette do a few sets of push-ups before getting down to business. Is this a stupid idea? Maybe! But again, we wouldn't know because we're not . Cosmo.  writers who can just fire off a list of "50 Ways To Please Your Man" at the drop of a hat. All we know are weird state laws and baseball facts, which, while incredibly useful at trivia nights, unfortunately have no impact on our blowjob game.. In all honesty, we're not even totally sure what we're suggesting here. Like, we guess you'd just start licking at the base of the penis instead of the tip? Whether or not this would actually enhance the blowjob is unclear, but it certainly wouldn't ruin it. Can't hurt to try.. Again, we're admittedly not 100 percent sure what we're proposing here, but "tantalize" is one of the sexiest words we can think of, and seems like "tantalizing" is overall a positive adjective for describing a blowjob. But we're really just throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks at this point. These tips mean nothing.. If you want to make a blowjob great, Don't show up to the blowjob late! We figure that's probably a good rhyme to remember. Like with all life situations, it's just good to be prompt, and that certainly applies to blowjobs too. So just show up on time, and you'll have yourself a one way ticket to Blowjob City.*. *Ugh, sorry, we know we can't pull off saying stuff like that. We just didn't know how to end this list. We seriously could not be more out of our element. Anyway, good luck with your blowjobs.,    The business model of theme parks has always been dependent on constantly developing bigger and more exciting attractions in order to keep luring visitors back through the gates, but this year it looks like one of the biggest names in the industry is phoning it in just a bit: Universal Studios just announced that its only new attraction this year will be a small yellow slide with "Mr. Krabs" written on it.. Huh. That's it? Pretty weak ..... For the past several months, rumors have been circulating about what was being erected behind a giant wall of scaffolding at Universal Orlando, with some speculating it could be an expansion to the park's popular Marvel Super Hero Island. But all those hopes were squashed when the company revealed earlier today that it is just a seven-foot-tall plastic yellow slide with the name of the . SpongeBob SquarePants.  character Mr. Krabs " scrawled on the side in what appears to be permanent marker. Don't get us wrong, a . SpongeBob. -themed section of the park modeled after the show's fictional underwater city Bikini Bottom could definitely be a lot of fun. But this new Mr. Krabs ride seems to be nothing more than an unremarkable yellow slide erected in the middle of an empty concrete lot with nothing else in the immediate vicinity except a plastic grocery bag loosely tethered to a traffic cone for guests to stash any personal items they Don't want falling out of their pockets as they go down.. "Look, the past year hasn't been easy for us with Covid and everything, and this is really the best we can do right now given the circumstances," said the company in a press release. "But, hey, at least we gave you all that awesome Harry Potter stuff a few years back! And we've still got all your favorite rides like the Transformers one with the 3D Megatron and the classic E.T. ride where E.T. says your name at the end--everyone loves that one! And to be clear, we think the Mr. Krabs ride can still be pretty fun if you go into it with the right attitude. Just think of it like you're sliding down Mr. Krabs " claw onto his belly, or zipping down a hill in Jellyfish Fields while Mr. Krabs chases you with a belt. It can be whatever you want it to be if you use your imagination!". The company added that visitors will also get the opportunity to interact with SpongeBob and Squidward characters while waiting in line for the ride, although promotional photos on the Universal Studio website suggest that these "characters" are merely an old dish sponge with googly eyes glued to it and a bucket of calamari that you're permitted to submerge your hand in. Further, guests will have the option to purchase a souvenir photo of them going down the slide that the ride operator takes using a five megapixel 2004-model Canon digital camera and then prints out on a black-and-white laser printer that is clearly running low on toner. . God, they really did half-ass it this time around.. Oh well! Maybe next year Universal will give us something truly worthwhile like a Fortnite VR ride, or maybe some sort of dinosaur adventure to tie into the upcoming . Jurassic World . sequel. Until then, you might be better off planning a family vacation around the Disney parks, as you've gotta imagine their new features are a bit more exciting than a plastic slide themed around a not-that-important character from the . SpongeBob . universe. ,    While stuck at home in quarantine this past year, countless Americans have felt pressure to be especially productive so that they can make the most of their time in lockdown. However, there's no single correct way to cope with a pandemic, and it's important to look after yourself and do what's best for you, even if you're the leader of the free world: President Joe Biden just announced that he's going to stop pressuring himself to be hyper-productive during the pandemic and instead just focus on doing what's best for himself.. Yes! It's okay to not be okay right now, and it's so nice to have a president who realizes this!. At a press briefing earlier today, Biden revealed that he will no longer be pressuring himself to perform at 100 percent every single day during the pandemic and will instead focus more on prioritizing his mental health. The president explained that he feels that in order to truly care for the country he must first learn how to care for himself, and he believes he can do so by distancing himself from the "rise and grind" culture that has long defined his political life and giving himself the space he needs to "relearn how to find joy.". "This pandemic is a marathon, not a sprint, and I've realized that sometimes I need to allow myself the grace to forego tasks that I might not have the emotional bandwidth complete at a given moment," said the president, adding that adjusting to this new normal is hard enough as it is without having to stress about things like stabilizing the global economy and preventing nuclear war. "I've been pressuring myself so hard to come up with the perfect executive orders and to have all these incredibly productive cabinet meetings and to all-around just maintain a  "normal " workload when we're living through a time that's anything but normal. This is a time of unprecedented collective trauma, and I'm realizing now that it's perfectly okay to sometimes just stop what I'm doing, curl up in a ball, and cry. I can give myself the time I need to grieve and replenish, and when I come back, all the treaties and wars and existential crises will still be there. And even if I Don't deal with all those things totally perfectly, I am still enough."  . Biden went on to explain that even though it might seem like quarantine is a good time to put the pedal to the metal and figure out exactly the direction the country needs to take for the next four years, it will actually be better in the long run if he accepts that now is not the best time, mentally, for him to be pushing himself beyond his capacities.. "Making some tea and listening to a mindfulness recording on my meditation app rather than preparing for a meeting on vaccine rollout might at first feel like the wrong choice, but it's actually what's going to keep me sane and healthy and in the right headspace I need to be in to do what's best for this country," he continued while lighting a palo santo stick to cleanse the energy in the White House briefing room. "Sometimes you've just gotta say  "no " to high-stakes phone calls with belligerent foreign leaders and  "yes " to phone calls with your therapist. There's no guilt in that. Focus first and foremost on replenishing your own emotional inventory, and . then . you can confront Bashar al-Assad about gassing his own citizens. That's what I'm finally figuring out, and I trust you all will respect how I choose to go about my personal journey."  . Well said! Treat yourself, Mr. President!. Kudos to the president for understanding that, actually, things are . really . hard right now, and there is no blueprint for dealing with all the big feelings of this moment in time. Here's hoping he continues giving himself all the self-care he needs to effectively lead us through this unyielding crucible of death and disease that has upended life as we know it!,    Over the years, Boston Dynamics has firmly established itself as the biggest name in robotics, and it looks as if its latest innovation might completely change the industry forever: the company has unveiled a new robot that says "stop it" when you sneeze. . Unbelievable! . The five-foot-tall humanoid robot, named Scold, is quite possibly the most advanced bipedal automaton ever developed, equipped with state-of-the-art sensory technology that allows it to detect any sneezes within a 25-foot radius and immediately bark, "Stop it. I Don't like that." If a person continues sneezing after Scold tells them to cut it out, the robot will then activate its groundbreaking hydraulic actuator system to shake its head and angrily mutter, "Disgusting, just disgusting," to itself.. "After ten years of development and over $200 million in DARPA funding, we are thrilled to present Scold, the world's first-ever humanoid robot capable of acting incredibly annoyed when people sneeze in its vicinity," said Boston Dynamics in a press release. "Never before has there been a robot that can scoff after it sees a person sneeze into their hands and then wipe their hands off their pant leg, which is just one of Scold's many functions that completely raise the bar in terms of the humanistic behaviors that can be replicated by androids.". The statement went on to say that Scold's design features a revolutionary locomotion system that facilitates lifelike movement of the robot's 32 unique joints, allowing it to realistically roll its eyes and passive-aggressively hand you a tissue from a box stored inside its chest cavity if you just keep loudly sniffling after a sneeze without bothering to blow your nose. The robot will then wait in front of you until you actually blow your nose, at which point Scold will respond, "Was that so hard?" before prancing away at an impressive gait of 1.5 meters per second. The robot is also able to go down stairs. . So cool! . Although Scold is just a research prototype and is not designed for commercial use, we seriously hope that this amazing little guy is one day made available to the public, because we would seriously fork over all our money to have one around during allergy season. Hats off to Boston Dynamics for once again coming out with a game-changing innovation--we can't wait to see what they come up with next!,    Being a servant girl is hard enough as it is, but it's especially miserable to be stuck in such lowly circumstances without any of the natural gifts you need to help you get by. Case in point: this wench is hardly what you'd call buxom.. Poor girl. What an unfortunate hand for a wench to be dealt!. Born into a life of servility and woe, Elizabeth Doyle has for years earned meager wages filling tankards of ale for local drunks. Yet in a line of work where one must use their looks to earn tips, the 23-year-old is at a great disadvantage, as you'd be hard-pressed to describe her as "chesty" or "shapely" or "a well-be "bosomed lass." Doyle's situation is truly the stuff of a wench's worst nightmares: she is not the plump, apple-cheeked type that leaves barflies hooting coarsely with excessive activity of blood and nerve but rather a wench of the more pallid, deflated sort--one whose mere flat-chested presence quiets the rowdy clank of a fellow's privates down to a flaccid murmur. If the acreage of her bosom were more vast and pillowy, she would surely bring in the tips she needs to afford a room of her own and some small creature comforts. But alas her sorry teats have consigned her to a life of poverty, with only a small corner of her father's shack to call her own, which she retreats to after long days of mopping and toiling to stare into her broken looking glass and lament her childlike orbs. . Ay, though Doyle is indeed a kindly wench of good Christian repute, it is clear to all who have eyes that she will never be the sort of bonny lass of robust proportion whose kiss the townsmen covet. In fact, not even the old, widowed miller, who hasn't had a woman in years, is willing to extend her a desirous wink or a slap on the rear as she passes by with her tray of steins. And it's all because she lacks what is a wench's sole consolation in life: a shapely, heaving figure that stirs the private apparatuses of men and inspires them to part with their coins. As the old saying goes, "A wench of vacant blouse must suffer etern "ly," and Doyle is no exception. Her yoke is heavy, and so it shall be for as long as she has breath. . O, this pitiful wench! . Why God chose to curse Doyle so is beyond our comprehension, but it is our duty to trust in His plan and know that it is right. We pray that Doyle may one day find a man to give her his seed, as perhaps then her bosom will grow full and round with milk and relieve her of her burden. Godspeed, wench.,    Get excited, . Malcolm in the Middle.  fans, because the beloved show from the early aughts just might be getting a reboot: Frankie Muniz just whispered "prepare" before vanishing from his containment chamber during a power failure.  . Whoa. Could this mean that we're finally going to see more hilarious hijinks from Malcolm and his brothers?. Technicians at the government laboratory where Muniz has been held in stasis since the 2006 finale of . Malcolm In The Middle.  confirmed today that the actor has completely vanished from their custody, somehow managing to free himself from what is said to be one of the most secure and tightly guarded facilities on the planet. According to reports, the actor suddenly jolted awake at some point late last night and cryptically whispered the word "prepare" just moments before all of the power in the building and its three backup generators completely cut out, leaving the facility pitch-black and silent except for the eerie patter of wet feet scurrying from the containment ward. When power resumed, Muniz's chamber was busted open and vacant, with shrapnel from its impenetrable steel hydrolock system strewn about the area, leaving fans hopeful for a reunion of their favorite dysfunctional TV family. . Roger that, Frankie. Now how about you "prepare" us some new episodes?. While it would have been awesome if Muniz gave us more hints--perhaps using the thick, hose-like oxi-tubes that deliver nutrients to his vital organs to spell out something like, "MALCOLM 2021 HBO MAX"--a spokesman for the facility says that security footage from the unit offers no additional insights, as it just shows Muniz suspended motionlessly in his cryogel before the power cuts out and the tape stops recording. Additionally, the guards noted that Muniz was the only specimen in the facility who managed to escape from his containment chamber, so, bad news, Paul Giamatti fans, but it doesn't look like we're going to be getting a . Big Fat Liar.  reboot, too. . While it's still too early to make any definite conclusions about Muniz's remarkable escape, all the signs seem to be pointing to a possible . Malcolm in the Middle . revival, so fingers crossed! Be sure to keep your eyes peeled for new developments in the coming days, as Muniz will undoubtedly be working quickly to execute his plan, knowing that the full might of the U.S. military is being deployed to ensure that he is recaptured and safely contained once again., Hell Yes: These Orphans Are Reclaiming Mush By Opening A Fancy Mush Restaurant On The Same Street Where The Headmaster Once Served Them Mush Every Day. 5 Fallback Animals That Could Symbolize Wisdom If The Worst Should Ever Happen To Owls. The Fuck Else Could He Have Going On Today? Dad Is Currently Pushing You Off The Phone Even Though you're The Young And Interesting One. 5 Times Hagrid Was In Charge Of Throwing The Sex-And-Drugs Party For Quidditch Recruits, Ranked By How Depressing The Whole Thing Was. Sort Of Heartwarming: This Kid With Terminal Cancer Wrote A Will Where He Left All Of His Toys To Daniel Tiger, Which Is Super Sweet, But It's Going To Be An Absolute Legal Nightmare For His Parents After He Dies. Deeply Troubling: Nickelodeon Confirmed That The  "Legends Of The Hidden Temple " Guards Got To Keep The Kids They Captured. Buddies For Life! Barack Obama Has Been Leaving A Single Ferrero Rocher On Ahmed The Clock Kid's Porch Every Day For 5 Years Straight And Is Currently Watching Him From A Distance.       I recently started teaching a seniors-only badminton class at my local YMCA, and the experience has proven to be harrowing, to put it lightly. But at least I've come away with some life lessons--albeit terrifying ones. . A major problem with teaching badminton to the elderly is that elderly people often die. I learned this the hard way in just my second week of teaching, when a sweet 93-year-old named Irene had to forfeit a match halfway through due to her suddenly dying. It was a scary scene but also an educational one, as I learned that when someone's heart stops mid-swing and they fall to the floor, their arm will continue windmilling around for a good 10 minutes or so. Should you ever find yourself in a similar situation, I'd highly recommend just standing back and waiting for the ambulance to come, as any attempts to intervene or perform CPR will only result in you getting whacked in the face with the deceased's racquet.. I have no idea why this is the case. But the fact is that four of the five best players in my class all have type 2 diabetes. We're talking perfect serves, expert hand-eye coordination, swift lateral movement--definitely not the level of agility you'd expect from people born during the Hoover administration with dangerous glucose levels. It's pretty cool, though! . This isn't the type of thing they'll teach you in medical school, but it's something you'll inevitably learn after a few weeks of watching seniors play badminton. You'll also learn after a good bit of trial and error that the most effective tool for excising a birdie from one's neck hole is, somewhat surprisingly, a McFlurry spoon. . There is something dark and depraved that churns within certain individuals and makes them delight in torturing animals. And while I hate to put ol' Dolores on blast here, I've learned that this type of darkness can exist in anybody, even soft-spoken 85-year-old grandmothers, some of whom, it turns out, will find a stray cat in the YMCA parking lot after their senior badminton class and force-feed it all the change in their purse while muttering, "Hold still, you dumb CoinStar. Turn my coins into a Red Robin digital gift card." . I made the mistake of bringing IcyHot to class one day. Before I could realize what was happening, my students were squirting it into their mouths and calling it "Tinsel Milk." Some of them even started singing a jingle that went, "Boys need Tinsel Milk / Girls need Tinsel Milk / Everybody drink Tinsel Milk / Or Randy's gonna get ya!" Save yourself the call to poison control and just never bring IcyHot near anyone over 80. And maybe avoid teaching them badminton, too. It's way more traumatic than you'd think.,    The more we learn about nature, the more incredible it gets, and a groundbreaking new discovery about avian flight is truly blowing our minds: Researchers have determined that birds can still fly if you zip a bunch of them up inside a duffel bag.. Incredible!. According to the bombshell study published yesterday in the academic journal . Science. , birds zipped up inside of a medium-to-large-sized duffel bag generally retain enough of their capacity for flight to propel the duffel bag as much as three feet off the ground, and are further able to slowly fly the bag around a small area for hours at a time. The study details how researchers initially expected their tests to demonstrate that being stuffed into a duffel bag completely negates birds " ability to fly, but were stunned to find that eight seagulls crammed in a closed duffel bag were able to raise the bag to waist-height and hover across the laboratory before setting themselves down on an empty chair. And while the seagulls exhibited significant reductions in speed and maneuverability while jammed in the duffel bag, mostly just lurching around aimlessly and crashing into obstacles, they were nonetheless able to reliably achieve liftoff pretty much any time the scientists loudly blew whistles at them to frighten them into flapping their wings. . "Obviously you can't do studies on this scale without losing some birds to things like asphyxiation or panic-induced frenzies of bird-on-bird disembowelment, but thanks to generous funding from the aerospace sector, we never had any shortage of specimens to aid us in conducting this vital research," said Yale's Dr. Elizabeth Ballentine, the lead researcher behind this incredible discovery. "This patronage has allowed us to indulge our every curiosity: What happens if we knock the duffel bag around with hockey sticks during flight? Could zipping a predator such as a fox or snake in with the birds motivate them to fly higher? Will the birds still fuck when densely packed into a pitch-black enclosure with 86 of their fellow bird friends? Of course it will take more time and more birds before we can answer these questions completely, but we're very encouraged by the results we're already seeing, and we believe we're just scratching the surface of all the valuable insights we can learn from this extraordinary phenomenon.". While the team initially centered their research around seagulls, an unexpected $92 million grant from the NIH allowed them to expand the scope of their work to include other bird species, most of which also demonstrated the ability to fly when inside a duffel bag, albeit with some fascinating variations in behavior. Owls, for instance, were able to float the duffel bag around completely silently, without generating the terrified screeching sounds produced by most other types of birds. Geese managed to arrange themselves into their distinctive V formation when divided into multiple duffel bags in the same room. And though normally flightless penguins were still unable to fly when zipped up in a duffel bag, they were impressively able to gently propel the bag around the ocean floor when tossed in the water, which was not the case for species like hummingbirds and cardinals when similarly tested. . Amazing! . There is still so much left to learn about the world around us and the marvelous creatures that inhabit it. This is hands down one of the coolest animal behaviors we've ever seen. We can't help but feel pretty lucky that we get to share our planet with creatures as incredible as birds!,    Well, here's a situation that someone's going to need to nip in the bud ASAP, because what's unfolding is absolutely not okay: this kid is trying to bring a stick inside.. Nope, nuh-uh, no way. Sticks are for outside. That is the rule. . Just now, four-year-old Bennett Martens was running around his front yard with a two-foot-long stick he found on the sidewalk, and unfortunately for everyone involved, Bennett has apparently decided that he needs to bring the stick into the house with him. Though Bennett's mother has already warned him not to bring the stick indoors, explaining that there's "no telling what kind of germs or filth might be on that thing," the child has brazenly refused to back down, as he claims the dirty stick is his "favorite toy ever" and it needs to "live in his room." There is no denying that Bennett is indeed fond of the stick, but this does not change the fact that sticks are not, and have never been, inside toys.. This should not even be up for discussion. If Bennett is old enough to know the alphabet and to help his dad drive the lawnmower, then he is certainly old enough to know basic stick etiquette.. There is absolutely no precedent for keeping a stick inside the Martens family home, but it appears as though Bennett will not stop until he gets his way. Just moments ago, he narrowly evaded an attempt from his mom to take the stick from him, forcing him to retreat and take sanctuary in his Cozy Coupe car, where he is currently having a tantrum and occasionally screaming about how he wants to "sleep with the stick in [his] bed." . Sleeping with a loose stick just rolling around in your bed? Are you nuts, kid? There could be dog poop or ants on that thing! . Shame on this child. Bringing a stick inside is absolutely unacceptable, and he should know better. This isn't what big boys do. He's behaving like a baby. Here's hoping that his parents give him a timeout, as Bennett clearly needs a little quiet time to reflect on his actions and reassess his priorities re: sticks. ,    Everyone dreams of one day finding their perfect match, and here's a story that proves that sometimes dreams really do come true: This dog and this other dog have decided to have sex with each other because they are both dogs.. Wow. It's like something straight out of a fairytale! . It's only been 20 minutes since this Australian Shepherd and Collie first met in a serendipitous encounter out at the park, but thanks to the simple fact of them both being dogs they're now conjoined in frenzied sexual intercourse as though they've known each other their entire lives. It's truly remarkable how at ease they seem intertwined in a writhing mass of fur together, in no small part because of how mutually supportive they both are of their partner's life goal of having sex with something. Shared interests are an important foundation for any partnership, and these two are so 100 percent on the same frequency about raucous dog sex that it feels like fate itself ordained them to wind up as an item.. Part of what makes these lovebirds feel so right together is how well they're able to work through adversity--It briefly appeared that they were heading for a rocky patch when the Collie threw up during the sex and they both tried to eat it, but in a true testament to the resilience of their union they immediately forgot about it and went back to having sex because dogs Don't really care about anything for more than about five seconds. Even when their owners tried yelling at them to stop, these dogs didn't miss a single, spasming thrust. They're simply lost in the rapturous delight of meeting one's soulmate, which for a dog is basically any other dog that will accept penetration with minimal resistance. . It seems like Cupid's arrow has found its mark with these furry little lovebirds! . This is all especially beautiful when you consider that the Australian Shepherd was just coming off a string of failed attempts to have sex, first with one of the park's water fountains and then with a deflated basketball he found lying near one of the trashcans. He was probably almost ready to give up on love, but then he ran into the Collie and determined she was also a dog, and now they're going at it so loudly that passersby are looking at them and wondering if they're hurting each other. It just goes to show that it's never too late to find another animal who can satisfy your every desire by having broadly compatible genitals because they belong to the same species as you, and frankly, we can't help but get a little misty-eyed thinking about it.. It's hard to imagine a more complementary pair than these dogs going to town on each other at the park. Here's hoping we all can meet someone who makes us as happy as they make each other by having sex as a direct result of the single precondition of both being dogs! ,    If you grew up in the  "90s, you definitely watched A LOT of . The Magic School Bus. . However, there's one infamous episode you probably haven't seen, but get excited, because it looks like that's about to change: PBS is re-releasing the banned . Magic School Bus.  episode where the class shrinks down and tails Ms. Frizzle's boyfriend to find out if he's cheating on her!. Awesome! . The controversial episode, titled "The Magic School Bus Exposes Mike's Lies," first aired in 1995 and immediately drew ire from thousands of parents who complained that it dealt with inappropriate subject matter and had nothing to do with science whatsoever. The episode began with a bang when Ms. Frizzle burst into the classroom in sweatpants and a wine-stained tank top, herded all her students onto the Magic School Bus, and pulled a lever that shrank the entire thing down to microscopic size, telling the class that it was time for "a lesson in getting what's coming to you." When Arnold yelled "Oh gosh, is this another field trip?" Ms. Frizzle just nodded and floored the gas pedal, blasting the microscopic bus across town to her boyfriend's high-rise apartment building, where she instructed the kids to keep their eyes out for "a balding loser who thinks he's hot shit even though he's 35 and still working at Circuit City.". Now that PBS is finally adding the censored episode to their streaming app, 90s kids will get to watch as the microscopic School Bus gang surreptitiously follows Ms. Frizzle's boyfriend Mike from his place to the drugstore down the block, where Ms. Frizzle tasks Phoebe and Carlos with checking to see if he purchases any condoms, and has Keesha and Dorothy Ann climb up his jacket to sniff for unfamiliar perfume. Major . Magic School Bus.  fans will be delighted to find that the banned episode still contains the scandalous line in which Keesha asks, "Wait, Ms. Frizzle, shouldn't we be doing a science experiment?" and Ms. Frizzle replies, "No. I Don't give a shit about science right now. Shut up or I will give you a bad grade." The episode is also notable for being the only one where Ms. Frizzle refuses to dismiss her students at the end of the school day, instead forcing them to stay long after school hours to spy on Mike while he bar hops around town, buying drinks for several different women who the kids are later ordered to put together "revenge dossiers" on in their lab notebooks in lieu of normal homework. . In the final shot of the episode, Keesha shrugs and says, "Well, It's never a normal field trip with the Frizz!" while Carlos points excitedly through a bar's front window at Ms. Frizzle's boyfriend leaving with an unidentified blonde woman, prompting Ms. Frizzle to mutter "That motherfucker" under her breath and take a big pull from a flask before speeding off in the wrong direction down a one-way road.. Whoa! Sounds exciting!. While it would've been awesome to have watched this in class back in the  "90s, at least we "ll finally get a chance to see it now. We can't wait to find out how Ms. Frizzle deals with her deadbeat, philandering partner!,    It's no secret that Dove has been absolutely crushing it in the body positivity game, but their latest move truly goes above and beyond towards making people feel comfortable in their own skin: Dove has officially changed the name of their company to "Fat People Soap.". Awesome! It's so amazing to see a brand pull out all the stops to help people love their bodies! . Earlier today, Dove put out a statement announcing a top-to-bottom rebrand as Fat People Soap, a change that the company explained was necessary in order to be inclusive towards consumers whose bodies aren't a perfect size zero. The personal care company went on to say that while it's always been their mission to make people feel beautiful despite what society's narrow beauty standards might tell them, they've come to realize that the name "Dove" doesn't explicitly convey that goal and that any ambiguity in their branding could potentially deter consumers from loving their bodies no matter what the scale says. Hence, Fat People Soap.. "We hope that the message of Fat People Soap will inspire everyone who uses our products to love themselves just the way they are," said the company in the statement. "Whether they're using Fat People Soap body wash, Fat People Soap lotion, or Fat People Soap hair care products, we hope that consumers will feel proud of what they look like every time they see the Fat People Soap label, because Fat People Soap is so much more than great products--Fat People Soap is empowerment.". The company formerly known as Dove followed the announcement by dropping a powerful new commercial spot that will definitely leave viewers misty-eyed. In the emotional ad, we see a woman in the shower washing her body with soap. Afterward, a scientist in a lab coat asks her to describe the experience, and she says that it wasn't easy because she doesn't like her body, and she feels like a fraud when she uses most soaps because she isn't as thin as the models in their advertisements. The scientist then says, "What if I told you that you were using Fat People Soap?" The woman then bursts into joyful tears and says, "This soap accepts me just the way I am, and perhaps I should too. Thank you, Fat People Soap, for showing me how to love my body."  . Beautiful!. Kudos to Fat People Soap for boldly embracing body positivity in a way that no other brand has before. Here's hoping other companies will follow in Fat People Soap's footsteps in rejecting society's unrealistic standards of beauty and empowering consumers to realize that they're perfect just the way they are.,    The No. 1 most important thing to look for when buying a new car is safety, and one automotive manufacturer just unveiled an innovative new safety feature that's guaranteed to give you peace of mind every time you get behind the wheel: Toyota will begin printing Dick Van Dyke's face on its airbags so it looks like he is bursting out of your steering wheel to kiss you when you get into an accident.. Amazing! Toyota is truly setting a new standard for car safety!. In a press release earlier today, the company announced that every new Toyota model will now come equipped with NHTSA-certified airbags embossed with a lifelike digital print of Dick Van Dyke's face contorted into a comforting, wide-eyed grin. In the event of a collision, Toyota boasts that the airbags will not only greatly reduce the risk of head and neck injury, but they'll also give the flattering impression that a 95-year-old Emmy winner and World War II veteran desperately wishes to kiss you, thereby distracting you from the terror of the accident and whatever gruesome injuries you may have suffered. . "Our industry-leading team at the Toyota Research Institute devoted over five years and $250 million towards developing this revolutionary new technology, allowing motorists to hit the road for the first time ever with the assurance that the elderly star of . Chitty Chitty Bang Bang . could burst out of the steering column and smooch them at any time," said the press release. "The airbags will come synced with Toyota's industry-leading impact-detection technology, offering additional protection to drivers by alerting them to imminent collisions via a recording of Van Dyke screaming  "GET READY, JACKASS, BECAUSE I AM GOING TO KISS YOU! " taken from a 1979 . Tonight Show . interview with Johnny Carson.". To promote the feature, Toyota has rolled out a powerful new commercial in which we see a 16-year-old girl going for a drive in her new Toyota while we hear a voiceover from her father reflecting on the challenges of letting one's child grow up and become independent while still wanting to protect them, at which point we suddenly see his daughter get into a terrible collision. We then see harrowing slow-mo footage of the airbag erupting out of the steering wheel and Dick Van Dyke's ancient, rapidly inflating face rocketing forth to plant a big ol' wet one on the child as she ragdolls from the collision, after which we then cut back to the father, who lets out a big sigh of relief and says, "While she "ll always be my little girl, I can at least take comfort knowing that wherever the road takes her in life, a nearly 100-year-old celebrity will always be there to kiss her when she needs it most." . Wow ...we are definitely getting a little misty-eyed over here! . Kudos to Toyota for putting consumers " safety first. Here's hoping that other car manufacturers follow suit with smooch-deploying airbags of their own!, The 6 Children That Walt Disney Very Clearly Specified Were Never Allowed To Go To Disneyland. The Legend Lives On: Prince's Estate Has Released 6-Hours Of Outtake Recordings Of The Artist Trying To Verbally Convince A Pigeon Loose In The Studio To Kill Itself. Troubling Statistic: A Study Has Revealed 15,000 American Sex Ed Teachers Die Every Year By Accidentally Getting Their Head Stuck In A Condom And Suffocating While Trying To Teach Kids How To Put Them On A Banana. This All You People Deserve: Here Are 2 Gulls. Awesome: The Academy Has Announced That Since So Few Movies Were Released This Year, For The 2021 Oscars They're Just Gonna Let Martin Short Do His Thing For 45 Minutes Then Give Best Picture To A Random Netflix Christmas Movie. Need Something To Do Today? Here Are 5 Extremely Easy Ways To Ruin My Life. Animal Welfare FTW: Red Lobster Will Now Send Each Lobster Down A Fun Curvy Water Slide Into A Pot Of Boiling Water.       This past year hasn't been easy for anyone, and it's important for your mental health to sometimes just remove yourself from all the chaos and stress and find little ways to bring joy into your life. If you need some inspiration, here's a story of someone who's discovering the therapeutic power of shutting out external distractions and focusing your energy on your own wellbeing: this woman is enjoying her pedicure too much to be bothered by the very obvious human trafficking situation going on in the nail salon.. Yes! Treat yourself, girl!. Thirty-three-year-old Brittany McMaster is currently putting on a master class on how to do self-care right, as she is so blissed out getting a pedicure at Fantasy Nails in Richmond, Virginia, that she hasn't even noticed how the establishment seems to be run entirely by exhausted, poorly compensated indentured servants, some whom appear to be underage! When Brittany walked into the fluorescent-lit nail salon and smelled the heavy, toxic fumes hanging in the air, she was ready to take a load off, and she wasted no time asking the 13-year-old boy at the front desk to get her an appointment for relaxation, STAT. And now that she's in the pedicure chair, all her work stress, family stress, and regular old pandemic stress is just melting away, so much so that she isn't bothered in the slightest that the elderly woman hunched over her feet keeps taking breaks to sigh loudly and let out a bunch of wet-sounding coughs.. Wow! Way to make time for yourself, Brittany!. Since Brittany got to the salon, multiple employees have been seen walking to the back with their cash tips and handing them over to an angry man who seems to be the salon's owner, but this isn't messing up Brittany's mood in the slightest. Rather than let herself fall into a spiral of worry over whether these women are being exploited, she's instead chosen to just sit back, close her eyes, and feel all her worries melt away as the massage chair gently kneads her knotted muscles. . It would probably totally bum Brittany out if she were to dwell on the fact that you can see a cot in the backroom of the salon that employees presumably sleep on due to not being able to afford housing, but she is simply too caught up in the pleasure of the gentle foot rub that her nail technician is giving her to be bothered by any of the troubles of the world. She also does not seem to have noticed that all of the workers in the salon are clearly immigrants from the same Southeast Asian country with an appalling human rights record, which is certainly not just a happy coincidence. She's just feeling too rejuvenated by her new lavender toenails to worry about whether any of the employees at the salon are trapped in a cycle of modern-day slavery, and her mental health is all the better for it.. Nice!. Clearly, Brittany understands that self-care is healthcare, and she is proving just how necessary it is to regularly make time for yourself and focus on your own needs instead of all the unfortunate realities of life. Enjoy the pedicure, Brittany--you are worth it!,    Get the tissues ready, because this is an incredible story about a group of impoverished children who are taking a source of pain from their difficult past and turning it into something truly amazing: these orphans are reclaiming mush by opening a fancy mush restaurant on the same street where the Headmaster once served them mush every day!. Wow! These kids are taking back mush in a major way, and it is empowering AF!. While they're now owners and operators of the hot new restaurant The Mush Shop, it was only a few years ago that these amazing orphans were toiling hopelessly in a working house north of London, slaving away under the watch of the portly, unfeeling Headmaster Tenleywhip, who would feed each child but a meager bowl of mush each day and nothing more. At the time, the orphans were ashamed to be seen crouching in gutters eating their watery rations, listening to posh Londoners call them "filthy urchins" as they passed by in their chic finery. But incredibly, they have since succeeded in completely flipping the script, having pooled all their street-sweeping money to rent out a small storefront on the same corner as their old boarding house where they now sell premium gourmet mush to thousands of people a week at fine-dining prices! These inspiring children could've easily opted to leave their painful mush memories behind and build an entirely new life for themselves, but they instead chose to wield the very substance of their poverty and dress it with premium toppings to sell at a major markup--turning the taste of oppression into the flavor of success.  . In just six months since opening the business, the ragtag gang of fatherless boys has managed to create a restaurant so popular that not even the Headmaster himself can land a reservation--a fact that clearly infuriates him to no end, as every time he encounters the children on the street now, he turns beet-red and pivots away with an embarrassed huff. Upper-class Londoners who previously would've never been caught dead eating gruel are now going to great lengths to snag a table at the exclusive spot, where right past the front door the orphans have proudly hung the dirty rag they used to suck on after sopping up the last dregs of their hot cereal. Even Little Henry Prattle, the wee, malnourished orphan who used to tap dance for spare pocket change on the very corner where the restaurant now stands, has become fat and rosy-cheeked thanks to the success of the boys " venture. . So inspiring--and appetizing!. This incredible rags to riches story is a heartening example of what can happen when you take the forces that are holding you back and use them to your advantage. We wish all the best to this group of orphans and their high-end mush restaurant--well done, lads!,    Pretty much every  "90s kid has fond memories of watching the heart-pounding game show "Legends Of The Hidden Temple," but some new revelations about the show suggest that the whole operation may have been more sinister than we realized: Nickelodeon has confirmed that the "Legends Of The Hidden Temple" guards got to keep the kids they captured.. Yikes. This is quite troubling, to say the least.. Nickelodeon released a statement earlier this week admitting that the show's Mayan sentinel guards, who would pop out and capture tween contestants who didn't have Pendants of Life to pay them off, were permitted to take the children home and keep them forever as their property. The network explained that this is how the guards were compensated for their time.   . "Before filming each episode, the contestants would gather around Olmec and listen to him explain that if they were grabbed by a guard while trying to navigate the Dark Forest or find the Shrine Of The Silver Monkey, they would be taken away, never to see their families again," Nickelodeon explained in the statement. "For the most part, kids were willing to take that risk in the hopes of completing the course and winning a Magnavox Portable Boombox or an all-expenses-paid trip to the Ramada South Ocean Beach Resort.". Huh. We always just assumed the guards would let the kids go when they got backstage, and the whole "capture" thing was totally fictional. This definitely casts the show in a different light. . Nickelodeon went on to say that during the show's four-year run, approximately 85 children were claimed by the guards and never seen again, noting that "it is likely the guards either raised the kids as their own or disposed of them once they were no longer useful." The network added that it bears no responsibility for whatever fate befell the children, as "the kids signed a form agreeing to it, and if they didn't want to be taken from their families and possibly enslaved by scary Mayan guys, they should've read the fine print." . Damn, that's tough.. While this is all clearly on the child contestants for foolishly agreeing to the show's terms, it's nonetheless a bit upsetting, and it definitely tarnishes some of the happy memories we have of watching "Legends Of The Hidden Temple." Hopefully Nickelodeon isn't pulling anything like this on their shows anymore, because it is not okay to abduct children, even if they perform poorly in Mayan-themed obstacle courses on national television.,    Gorillas, chimpanzees, and other members of the ape family are incredibly majestic creatures that are often touted for their intelligence, but a group of researchers just dropped a major bombshell that suggests these animals aren't quite living up to their full potential: Biologists at Stanford have announced that apes could probably talk if they gave it any effort at all.. Damn, sounds like apes have really been half-assing it. Time to step it up, fellas!. The researchers announced their findings earlier this week, revealing that after years spent testing the physical, mental, and social capacities of various ape species, they are confident that the animals are intentionally holding out on us as far as being able to talk goes. Noting that the apes are extremely perceptive and capable creatures who have independently developed highly complex social structures and survival strategies, the researchers posited that there's nothing holding them back from figuring out how to speak except their own laziness.   . "If a bunch of apes got together and spent just, like, half an hour moving their mouths around and making noises and pointing at different objects, our research suggests that they would almost certainly figure out how to say a few things," said lead researcher Gregory Euler. "Chimpanzees share over 99 percent of their DNA with people. They're literally just little hairy humans, and we're supposed to believe that they can't even say  "Hi "? That's complete bullshit. They for sure can.". The research team cited the observation that most primates "are pretty much the size and shape of five-year-olds, and five-year-olds can talk no problem," as one of the main tentpoles of their theory, going on to report that the animals "are able to use tools to forage for food, which is honestly way harder than just opening your mouth and saying  "I'm a gorilla " or something to that effect." Further, the researchers argued that if Koko, the recently deceased gorilla widely known for her communication skills, was able to learn sign language so well, then surely her fellow apes could quit running around the jungle shrieking nonsense and instead figure out how to string some sentences together if they just spent an afternoon working at it. . Fascinating!. This research makes it clear that apes have all the tools they need to figure out verbal communication, and now it's just up to them to step up to the plate and start using their words. Apes, the ball is in your court. Show us what you can do, you lazy fucks!,
    Well, here's a story that has the potential to totally warm your heart but also might give you a headache once you start thinking about it: This kid with terminal cancer wrote a will where he left all of his toys to Daniel Tiger, which is super sweet and all, but it's going to be an absolute legal nightmare for his parents after he dies.. Wow. This is a truly touching gesture that unfortunately will not make the grieving process any easier for the kid's parents. . Owen Pearce, a five-year-old from Chapel Hill, NC, who is currently battling end stage leukemia with only weeks to live, is completely obsessed with the PBS series . Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood. , so much so that he recently made the adorable decision to write a will dictating that all his toys should be left to the show's titular character upon his passing. However, Owen signed the will in front of two of his nurses, which legally makes them witnesses and therefore renders the document as binding and valid in a court of law--leaving his parents no choice but to spend countless hours during their son's final days consulting with an expensive probate attorney on how to go about executing the boy's dying wish.. While it's unbearably sweet to see Owen cradle his Daniel Tiger plush stuffed animal in his hospital bed and tell it how it's "going to get to meet the real Daniel Tiger one day," the reality is that that's just not going to happen. Since Daniel Tiger is a fictional cartoon character, the items will go to the show's creator and executive producer Angela Santomero instead. This makes Angela the de facto executor of the will and the one responsible for filing it with the court within 30 days of Owen's death. But because Angela has no idea who Owen is, Owen's parents will now have to contact her via their lawyer in order to inform her of the burden coming her way, at which point she herself will have to hire a lawyer so that she can accept the responsibility and begin the months-long probate process.. Additionally, because Owen did not specify which toys he wanted to give away when he wrote "all my toys go to Daniel Tiger" in crayon on a piece of construction paper, his parents will now have to attempt to separate which things belonged only to Owen and not his siblings so that the court can put the items through probate and determine their value before they go to Angela. Any mistake they make to properly submit items to the court could be cause for a lawsuit, which they definitely cannot afford, especially up against a successful Hollywood producer who could presumably hire the best lawyers money can get.. Yikes. This is definitely not something that "d be fun for parents to figure out while dealing with the death of a child.. Unfortunately, this story seems like it will only get less and less inspiring as Owen's parents continue forging through this process, as they're rapidly accumulating massive legal fees on top of the crippling debt they've already taken on from the countless medical bills they've accrued during their son's hospital stay. It's an upsetting situation for them to be stuck in, but oh well, guess that's how things go sometimes. The reality is that not every story can be 100 percent uplifting, and unfortunately Owen's parents are now learning that the hard way., Do You Want To Hear About My Big Bucket Of Yogurt? You Want To Hear What Kinds Of Animals Have Climbed Into My Huge Bucket Of Yogurt And Died?. The 6 Children That Walt Disney Very Clearly Specified Were Never Allowed To Go To Disneyland. The Legend Lives On: Prince's Estate Has Released 6-Hours Of Outtake Recordings Of The Artist Trying To Verbally Convince A Pigeon Loose In The Studio To Kill Itself. Troubling Statistic: A Study Has Revealed 15,000 American Sex Ed Teachers Die Every Year By Accidentally Getting Their Head Stuck In A Condom And Suffocating While Trying To Teach Kids How To Put Them On A Banana. This All You People Deserve: Here Are 2 Gulls. Awesome: The Academy Has Announced That Since So Few Movies Were Released This Year, For The 2021 Oscars They're Just Gonna Let Martin Short Do His Thing For 45 Minutes Then Give Best Picture To A Random Netflix Christmas Movie. Need Something To Do Today? Here Are 5 Extremely Easy Ways To Ruin My Life.   
    Hey there! If anyone is looking for something to do today to help pass the time, they're in luck! I thought up 5 . easy ways someone could completely ruin my life. None of these will take too much effort, but I guarantee that any one of them will totally destroy me. So let's say goodbye to boredom and get started here!. My Facebook password is Coldplay694m and there's a ton of completely inappropriate messages between my ex and I there that can easily be used to ruin my life. If you're looking to make your day a bit more interesting, all you'd have to do would be take some screen caps and send them to my husband or post some of the explicit photos publicly somewhere and my life will totally be ruined instantly! I'm pretty sure I talk trash about every one of my friends and coworkers in there too, so it's a great source of some serious ammunition for ruining my life for people who are bored and looking for something to do today. . Here's something a tad more interesting to do today than binge-watching an old season of .  ruining my life by kidnapping my son, Luis. He goes to Shady Oaks Middle School and the password we use in case someone he doesn't know needs to pick him up from school is  "Ant Man. " He loves comic books, so I'm sure he wouldn't need much coaxing to be kidnapped if you offered him a fat stack of superhero comics. I love my son more than anything, so having him be kidnapped would absolutely ruin my life, even if the kidnapper just, like, brought him to a hotel and let him eat McDonald's and watch TV for a while. Just an idea of something to try if anyone out there is bored.. Here's some advice to anyone just sitting around trying to think of something to do: how about you get up off the couch and run me over with my car? It's the grey Subaru parked outside my house. I'll leave the keys in the ignition if someone wants to swing by and run me over with it. I love that car, and I love my bones, so you can totally kill two birds with one stone by ruining both of those things for me, and thereby ruining my life. . Pause that YouTube video of some guy being shot out of a giant crossbow or whatever and listen up: if you're hard up for activities tonight, what about putting all my pets to sleep in order to ruin my life? I'll leave the door unlocked and leave some cash to cover the cost and everything, just open a can of tuna and they'll all come running. There are few things that would be more devastating to me than knowing all of my beloved animal companions have been needlessly euthanized, so if y'all are looking to ruin my life to break up the monotony of your day, this one's a sure bet.. Hit me up at . .  and I'll hit you back with my routing number, PIN number, social security number, all of my credit card numbers, plus every password and login I have. It will take mere seconds to upload all of that stuff to the dark web and have every penny I have cleaned out and my credit rating destroyed, which will leave my life in absolute ruin. With these 5 awesome options for ruining my life today, you have no excuse to be bored. So what are you waiting for? Get out there and destroy my life!,    It's still unclear whether this year's Summer Olympics in Tokyo will actually take place, but if the Games do in fact move forward as scheduled, it looks like there will be some notable absences in the slate of events: the International Olympic Committee has announced that track and field events will no longer be a part of the Games after realizing that all the sports are basically just a bunch of losers hopping around throwing sticks and random shit. . Wow! This actually makes quite a bit of sense. . The IOC announced the decision in a statement released earlier today, saying that the events are more like "weird hobbies" than actual sports, as there's a lot more to real sports than just "running fast in a straight line or throwing shit really hard." The Committee argued that the sports were invented by ancient Greek individuals "who weren't even smart enough to figure out toilets yet," and it's bizarre that we've been humoring these "dumb ideas from a pederast culture" for over 13 centuries when it's long been perfectly clear that "virtually no one is interested in watching scrawny white guys in leotards jumping over a pole."  . "Look, at this point these sports really just exist so that high school kids who can't hack it at normal sports can have something to pad out their college applications--the only people who care about the sports are the athletes themselves," said the IOC in their statement, adding that "people aren't exactly packing stadiums to watch shot put guys throw rocks kind of far." "You can be the best athlete in the world at one of these sports and still have to work a full-time job to get by. The Michael Jordan of discus is probably working a register at Home Depot right now, and that's because discus is a lame-ass yard game that no one wants to sponsor or buy tickets to watch. Shit's embarrassing. We can't have garbage like this stinking up the Olympics anymore.". "Honestly, some of these sports straight-up feel like daycare for grownups, what with all the guys jumping in literal sandboxes and flopping around on big blue pads and shit," the statement continued. "It's literally just the same shit little kids do to keep busy outside. We're cringing over here just thinking about it. Those athletes need to grow the fuck up and do something worthwhile with their time.". The IOC went on to concede that the "Usain Bolt-type races are kind of fun to watch," but they also noted that those races "only last for, like, 10 seconds," and they "can't justify renting out a whole goddamn stadium just for a couple 10-second races that we already know the Jamaicans will win." The sanctioning body then revealed that they had considered condensing several of the more popular track disciplines into a single event simply called "running" where athletes compete to run as fast as they can for as long as they can, but ultimately the decision was made just to scrap the track stuff altogether, as "literally no one watches this stuff except during the Olympics, so it's probably way more trouble than it's worth.". The IOC then concluded their statement by saying, "Seriously, discus? What the fuck is that even?" . Gotta hand it to them, the IOC is making some pretty good points!. But what do YOU think? Do you think the Olympics should continue including all the weird-ass shit where a bunch of random-ass nobodies you've never heard of hop over various objects and throw sticks and all-around behave like jackasses? Or do you agree with the IOC's position that the Olympics should only host real sports that people are actually interested in watching? Let us know in the comments!,    Welp, here you go. Here's a regular ol' seagull for you to look at. What, were you expecting more? Do you think it's the internet's job to constantly provide you with entertainment free of charge? Sorry, that's not the case. Sometimes you've actually got to . earn . things in this life. And you honestly haven't done anything to earn this unremarkable picture of a gull. We're paying all the money to license and host it--you're just mooching like always. Fuckin' cyber-leech. . Here's another ugly-ass bird for you to look at. We could have ponied up for some cooler bird pics for you to look at, but what's in it for us, y'know? No matter how hard we work to make quality content for you, you always give us jackshit in return. So why go out of our way to give you nice things? As Mom always used to say, if you Don't like what's for dinner, then you can go to bed hungry. Just be grateful we're giving you pictures at all, as there are kids in China who would kill for the type of mindless internet content that we get to enjoy every day under a free press. If you want to look at something nicer than these gulls we've provided for you, go make it yourself. Be a goddamn grownup.. Okay, that's all from us for now. You Don't deserve anything else. Adios, you freeloading motherfucker.  ,    A years-long research effort has just uncovered a disturbing truth about America's education system that may be causing significant harm to our nation's children: A new study has revealed that over 15,000 American sex education teachers die each year by accidentally getting their head stuck in a condom and suffocating while trying to teach kids how to put them on a banana.. This is deeply troubling. American schools must do better!. According to the study, which was conducted by public policy experts at Princeton University in conjunction with ProPublica, there are an alarming number of instances every single day in the U.S. where schoolchildren are stuck watching helplessly as their sex ed teacher flops around on the floor with a condom over their head and slowly asphyxiates. The study found that while typically the teachers just get their head stuck in the condom, they sometimes get their arms and legs caught in there as well. In fact, in nearly 20 percent of all condom-related sex ed deaths, the teachers somehow managed to get their entire body stuck inside the condom in the course of attempting to show their students how to slip the prophylactic over the tip of a banana.. "While putting a condom on a banana remains an integral part of the American sex education curriculum, many of these lessons quickly devolve into a waking nightmare as the teacher accidentally traps themselves in a cocoon of latex and dies thrashing around on the floor in the most humiliating fashion possible," said lead researcher Dr. Tatiana Cruz. "It is also incredibly traumatic for the students who are forced to watch their teachers suffocate inside a condom, especially since the responsibility often falls on them to drag the dead teacher's body into the parking lot and cover it with leaves so that it doesn't decompose in the classroom.". "As a consequence of all this, we have millions of students growing up without learning safe sexual practices, with many of them negatively associating the use of contraceptives with turning blue and suffocating to death--a dangerous mentality that leaves countless teenagers woefully underprepared to engage in responsible sexual activity," she added.  . The study also found that, prior to getting their heads stuck inside the condom, over 50 percent of sex ed teachers either say, "This is how you put a Fuck Hat on a long yellow fruit," or "Pretend this delicious yellow tube is a human ding-dong. Now you must imprison it inside of a dangerous garbage bag called a  "condom. "" The researchers have postulated that these types of statements are indicative of a widespread misunderstanding among sex education teachers of what condoms actually are and how they work, which may help explain why 15,000 of them end up suffocating inside one every single year.. Absolutely chilling.. Clearly, this study should serve as a major wakeup call that there needs to be serious change in our nation's health classes. When taught in an effective and fact-based manner, sex ed has the potential to save lives of not only students, but also the educators tasked with teaching responsible sexual behaviors. It's time for policymakers to take action and implement new protections to make sure that fewer sex ed teachers end up suffocating with their head stuck inside a condom!,    Five years ago, then-president Barack Obama famously came to the defense of Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old boy who was arrested after bringing a homemade clock to school, and it seems like the former POTUS is still the boy's biggest supporter: According to sources, Obama has been leaving a single Ferrero Rocher on Ahmed the Clock Kid's porch every day for five years straight and is currently watching him from a distance!. Wow! How sweet!. As confirmed by neighbors of Ahmed's family, Obama can be seen nearly every morning at sunrise sneaking up to the boy's doorstep and leaving a fine hazelnut chocolate before scurrying off to hide behind a garbage can and watch his friend from a distance using opera glasses. Sources close to Obama say that as soon as his first meeting with Ahmed concluded in 2015, he was so elated that he immediately began working up a plan to see the child and his clock on a more regular basis, pacing frantically around the White House muttering "Gotta see that beautiful clock again ...it is so neat ...". He then took to his computer to Google "most impressive candies" before placing a bulk order for 500,000 Ferrero Rocher chocolates using U.S. defense funds. Ever since, Obama has been covertly delivering chocolates to the boy on a daily basis--in fact, he is at this very moment waiting outside Ahmed's house, watching him play Halo through his living room window and whispering "Show me the clock" over and over again!. Obama has even continued dropping off the chocolates throughout the Covid-19 pandemic, thoughtfully wiping down each individual candy with Lysol for Ahmed's safety and often leaving friendly notes with the chocolates that say things like "I hope you are staying safe during Covid--you are the best person I've ever met. Best, Obama." While it seems that Obama has not yet realized that Ahmed's parents typically just throw the chocolates in the trash every day, it's doubtful that this would discourage him, as his love for Ahmed's clock simply cannot be deterred.. So lovely! It's refreshing to see such a powerful world leader giving his time every day to serve the people. Here's hoping he gets to see the clock again sometime soon!,    Star-caliber quidditch players are few and far between, and wizarding schools need to do whatever they can to lure five-star recruits to their athletic programs. But unfortunately these efforts can sometimes backfire, and nowhere do things more often go awry than at Hogwarts. . The quidditch recruiting trip has always had a pretty straightforward formula: the kids show up in the morning for a campus tour from Dumbledore, they all go to a quidditch game in the afternoon, then there's a huge, next-level party at night designed to get recruits super excited about the prospect of playing at Hogwarts. One morning when recruits were visiting, Dumbledore was showing them around the cafeteria and doing that whole backwards-tour-guide walk while hyping the daily omelet bar when all of the sudden Hagrid appeared and bellowed in his goofy-ass voice, "Welcome to Pleasure Island, young studs!" Everyone then turned to see Hagrid standing precariously atop a lunch table with a dozen or so strippers at his side, who all instantly went to work grinding all over these kids--some of whom were, like, 11, mind you--while "Party Rock Anthem" blared on a small light-up Bluetooth speaker. Dumbledore was so angered by the stunt that he immediately teleported the strippers out of the cafeteria with his wand and loudly laid into Hagrid for being a "useless, pig-brained fool" who "should've never been released from Azkaban". Hagrid then burst into tears and apologized over and over with snot running down his face, saying that the new cocktail of antidepressants he'd been taking were affecting his judgement and he was just trying to be helpful. Dumbledore then ushered all the quidditch players away from Hagrid, leaving him alone in the cafeteria, where he quietly sobbed while eating the entire breakfast spread that had been prepared for the recruits by himself.. On this occasion, Hagrid had a group of recruits over to his shed in the woods, which is an incredibly upsetting place to be. It's basically just a dingy hovel in the middle of the forest that smells like Icy Hot and animal shit, but on this particular night, the recruits didn't really seem to mind. A few of them had managed to get their hands on some beer, and everyone was just having a genuinely nice time drinking and hanging out until, somewhere along the line, someone made the mistake of giving Hagrid some beers, which he 100 percent could not handle. He almost instantly started putting his arm around people and saying off-putting shit, like, "You guys gotta let me know where you're bunking next year so I can come live with you," and, "Everyone thinks they're better than me just because I Don't know how to read." The recruits mostly just ignored him, but then he broke down in tears and began blubbering about how he has no idea when his birthday is, the same way people Don't know with rescue dogs..  "You guys are so lucky and you Don't even know it," he said, his voice trembling, staring numbly at his can of Miller High Life. "Me, I Don't even have a birthday. Don't know when it is, like I'm a damn dog!" He then took his shirt off, explaining he was overheated, before continuing: "It'd just be nice to have my own special day, y'know? A day when everyone has to be nice to you, when no one hurts your feelings or ...." He trailed off and sort of just sat there for a while, making things extremely awkward for everyone there. A couple kids patted his back in support, but it wasn't long before everyone started finding excuses to leave, and within 10 minutes or so all the recruits had fled, leaving Hagrid to sit alone in the dark, yearning for a birthday that he "ll never have.. This was another party that started off fine but quickly went south. Everyone was hanging outside in Hagrid's yard because the inside was filled with dead animals Hagrid had been practicing taxidermy on. The recruits were just sipping on some 40s and having a pleasant time until Hagrid at one point stood up and declared, "Chooo boy, I'll tell you what, all this party needs is a beautiful woman riding a mechanical bull, right? You ever see that? Nothing sexier than that." The kids pretended like they didn't hear Hagrid, but this didn't deter him at all, as he suddenly whipped out his trusty umbrella--which, remember, he had to use for magic because his wand was confiscated years earlier when Dumbledore overheard him bragging in the teacher's lounge about using it to stab a garter snake--and shouted, "Gimme some rock, gimme some roll, gimme a sexy mechanical bull." This was clearly not the correct spell to use, as a real bull then appeared before them instead of a mechanical one, and its legs were basically soldered to the ground just below its knees. The thing instantly started shrieking and violently attempting to uproot itself, but to no avail. All it could do was yank and pull and moan in a wild herky-jerky panic, like a mouse stuck to a glue trap. Everyone was utterly horrified, and once Hagrid realized people weren't having fun, tried to fix things using a different spell, but this only succeeded in setting the bull on fire--a sight that left all of the recruits deeply traumatized. With Hagrid unable to get the situation under control, a next-level-pissed-off Dumbledore eventually had to get out of bed and wander over to the party in his pajamas, where he then performed a spell that was meant to humanely euthanize the bull but instead made the poor thing start convulsing like a motherfucker for a good half hour before it finally passed away. It was later discovered that Hagrid's spell had caused the bull's hooves to take root in the ground like a tree, and the hoof-roots had spread so far that they couldn't be dug out with a shovel. Hogwarts had to order a special CAT excavator to remove the animal, but it took a long time to ship, leaving the bull there to rot for a good few weeks, its nauseating stench wafting over campus every time there was a breeze. Just an absolute shitshow all around.  . This recruit party immediately got off to a bad start, as Hagrid didn't have any booze or drugs to facilitate the fun, leaving the kids bored and visibly pissed. Hagrid explained that he couldn't buy them any illicit substances due to the fact that Hogwarts doesn't pay him a salary and his government benefits card can only be used on basic groceries and stuff. However, he claimed that he knew something way more fun than booze and drugs, at which point he leapt to his feet, tied the rope he uses as a belt very tightly around his neck, and then violently choked himself for a good 15 minutes or so before eventually losing consciousness and falling chin-first into a brick ledge. For a while after, he sort of just laid there on the ground bleeding all over the place, looking dead as shit. And keep in mind that he never explained the choking game beforehand, so all of the recruits thought they had just watched him kill himself. However, after the initial shock subsided, a few kids started rummaging through Hagrid's drawers and shit, looking for jewelry to pawn. Hagrid awoke about 45 minutes later to find that almost all of the kids were gone, and the ones who were left were lifting up his mattress looking for cash. "W-w-w-where is everyone?" Hagrid mumbled in a super pronounced stutter that would stay with him for the rest of his life. "Don't you guys wanna party with me?" It was all so fucking depressing. Someone let Hagrid's dog out while he was unconscious, too, and she was not the kind of dog who's allowed outside because she runs away, and that's exactly what happened. Hagrid whined and stuttered about this dog all night, wondering if the recruits took her back to the dorms maybe. But that dog was long gone. It took off into the woods and was almost immediately hunted down and eaten by a centaur. Just a sad situation start to finish.  . After realizing that the parties at his shed never exactly went over well, one year Hagrid decided that the recruits might have more fun if he took them to a Russian bathhouse. The spa was about an hour away from Hogwarts in a lower-middle-class suburb, nestled in a largely vacant stripmall between a Petco and a dirty-looking pizza place whose door was held open with a cinderblock, and everything about it was super underwhelming. Not only was the place disgusting, but it was packed wall-to-wall with elderly Eastern European men in nothing but robes, their flaky, dead-looking dongs dangling freely before the kids " eyes. The recruits were visibly uncomfortable, but for whatever reason Hagrid was having the time of his fucking life. The dude was in rare form. Maybe it was excitement of being away from Hogwarts for the first time in several years, or maybe he found all the ancient dongs titillating--no way to know, honestly.  But within the first 15 seconds of stepping inside that spa lobby, Hagrid giddily announced to the kids, "I'm getting a hand job today," then proceeded to beg all of the masseuses there one by one to give him a handjob in exchange for Hogwarts class credits. Meanwhile, the unsupervised kids did what unsupervised kids do. They found the kitchen and stole a bunch of weird Russian beers and cans of whipped cream, got all fucked up on alcohol and whippets, and, only about 20 minutes after stepping into the lobby, one of the recruits got too fucked up and drowned in one of the cold-water pools, where he was discovered face-down in the water, drifting lifelessly near the chrome handrail by the stairs. This ended up being a huge nightmare for Hogwarts, as not only did the school have to pay out a massive settlement to the dead kid's parents, but the quidditch program had all of its wins vacated and was served an unprecedented five-year suspension from league play. From that day forward, Hogwarts had no choice but to center its athletics program around the bowling team, which didn't exactly bring in alumni dollars like the quidditch team did. It was a disaster scenario for the school, and it was all thanks to Hagrid's utter inability to throw a decent party.,    Well, here's a WTF moment that'll definitely leave you scratching your head for days: Dad is clearly trying to end your phone call with him despite you being the young and interesting one.. Uh, what? That's not how this goes, Pops.. Just moments ago, Dad interrupted you in the middle of your weekly check-in call with him and said, "Hey, that's great, son, you'll have to tell me more at another time"--speaking in a distracted sort of tone that clearly indicated he was not really listening to you and was growing increasingly eager to get off the line. This took place after several instances of him mumbling "Mmm hmm" while you were talking, which he typically only does when he is bored and disinterested, like when he's having a conversation with Grandma. This truly makes zero sense, though, as you're infinitely more interesting than Grandma, and Dad typically laps up whatever bullshit you spout at him, as this is the duty of a parent.. Clearly, something is up with Dad here, because the rules of a Dad call are pretty well-established: you talk about all of the fun things going on in your life, your fascinating hobby projects, and your important work, and then you cut him off because you've got better things to do than listen to him ramble on about refinishing the countertops or whatever. That's the way this is supposed to work, and has for years until today's curveball.. Could dad legitimately have something else going on today? Probably not, and almost certainly nothing more exciting than interacting with a young person. He's worked at the same company with the same guys for 20 years and been married to Mom for 37 years, and his entire existence revolves around repeating all the same mundane routines he established decades ago. It's not like he does activities, and even if he did have something noteworthy on his agenda, he 100 percent would've told you about it on last week's call. Something about this just doesn't feel right. . After all, you're the one who's got dates and parties and a fucking social life, not him! How could a guy who usually has nothing to update you on except whatever happened in the latest episode of . American Pickers.  possibly work up the gall to bail on . you. ? Like, no offense, but these calls are really entirely for his benefit. you've got much better things to do than talk on the phone with an old person, but you nonetheless regularly carve out time to do so because you realize that your parents love you and they get sad when they Don't hear from you. Plus, you figure it's an even trade for him paying for your college. But apparently he sees it differently.  . Fuckin' parents, man. They're out of control. . Whatever. If Dad wants to suddenly act like he's too good to talk on the phone with his kid, that's fine. You Don't need to humor him anymore. But good luck finding another young person who "ll put up with rambling stories about home repair projects and Grandpa's health issues. Not gonna happen, old timer!, Can You Successfully Smuggle A Fun-Size Kit Kat Into A Movie Theater?. These Kitten Pictures Aren't All That Adorable, But The Guy Who Gave Us This List Is Scary And We're Not Going To Argue With Him About It. Sad Day For Music: The Rope That Was Tied Around Ed Sheeran's Waist Before He Entered The Fog Just Went Taut And Came Out Covered In Slime. Animal Rights Win! The Iditarod Is Officially Replacing Sled Dogs With Crab-Walking Children.  "Office " Fans Rejoice! John Krasinski Has Revealed That In 2020 Jim And Pam Abandon Their Children And Leave Scranton To Follow Coheed And Cambria On Tour. Yikes, This One's On Them: Thousands Of Endangered Turtles Have Been Found Dead After Auto-Erotically Asphyxiating On Plastic Six-Pack Rings. 8 Photos Of Naked Mole-Rats That Are Less Disconcerting When You Remember Nature Is Pretty Much Just Nonsense.       With their large, perceptive eyes and sophisticated graduation caps, owls have always been important cultural symbols of wisdom. And while we pray that nothing ever goes wrong for the species, shit happens sometimes, so here are some fallback animals we could look to for wisdom should the worst ever happen to owls.. At first glance it might seem like crabs are everything owls are not. Crabs have hard shells; owls have soft feathers. Crabs can walk; owls can fly. Crabmeat is often in sushi; owl meat is almost never in sushi. However, crabs live at the beach full time, so they're always having fun in the sun, which, if you think about it, is a truly wise way to live. Plus, it's not hard to imagine aunts buying little crab figurines at the Hallmark Store for their nieces and nephews as graduation gifts. As far as owl fallbacks go, crabs are a great option.. The most important role owls have as symbols of wisdom is appearing on graduation cards holding a little rolled up diploma under their wing while saying something like, "Hoot hoot! Con. grad. ulations!" If a bird of a similar size were the next symbol of wisdom, card designers could just slap a falcon's head over the owl's and call it a day. They could even leave the speech bubble since falcons can probably make "hoot hoot" sounds, too. Not to mention, falcons can perch on people's arms, which is not something any stupid old bird can do. Most birds would not even be able to differentiate between an arm and a length of PVC pipe. Falcons are truly bringing something unique to the table. They are creatures of utility, with brains that are far larger than their golfball-size skulls might suggest. We can learn from them.. One of the three differences between baby cheetahs and owls is that baby cheetahs are adorable while owls are just sort of neutral. So in terms of looks, a baby cheetah would be a far cuter option for a symbol of wisdom, which is definitely something to take into consideration. And while baby cheetahs aren't known for being particularly smart, that could change with a bit of clever marketing. Imagine a poster of a cute baby cheetah with text in papyrus font that reads, "They may be young, but they sure are wise. Baby cheetahs: the Keepers of Knowledge." People would totally buy into it. . Wisdom is absolutely radiating from this dog, what with his intelligent-looking glasses and his large stacks of scholarly tomes. What are you reading there, dog? Looks like some very serious books, perhaps about such challenging topics as philosophy and rocket science--stuff that's way beyond the grasp of ordinary joes like us. If this dog hasn't already fatally succumbed to his many genetic flaws and respiratory deformities, then we should strongly consider him as a potential successor to owls. He is giving us serious Einstein vibes!. We know that wasps aren't an obvious pick and that something like elephants might make more sense (super old and therefore wise), but elephants are for sure going to go extinct at some point in the next century, so we really can't count on them. Wasps, however, are all over the goddamn place. Most people have probably seen, like, three owls max, but wasps? you've probably seen thousands! And you can tell that wasps have a good head on their shoulders, too, because they enjoy all of the benefits of being bees (getting to fly, sting stuff, etc.) but without having to deal with any of the bullshit work (making honey, pollinating the planet, etc.)--they've totally gamed the system, and that surely is no accident. That's strategic brilliance. So, look, we're not saying we hope anything happens to owls, but if they do in fact end up going the way of the dinosaurs (God forbid!), there are billions of wasps ready to take the baton. Wasps are truly the wisest bugs! ,    Walt Disney's vision for Disneyland was a land of wonderment where children of all ages from around the world could be immersed in fantasy, but there were several children he very clearly forbade from ever entering the park. Here are the 6 children Disney very clearly specified were not allowed in Disneyland.. After young Levi Oren ran over Disney's foot with his scooter on a film set, every actor playing a Disney character in Disneyland was given a photo of with instructions on the back to "throw him over the fence" personally notarized by Walt Disney. Disney swore up and down that "what that boy did with his scooter to my precious foot was clearly no accident" and would go off to anyone who would listen about how he forbade this boy to ever enjoy even a single ride at his park.. Like many highly successful people, Disney was known for micromanaging projects down to the smallest detail. One such detail was his insistence that the toddler Hannah Peters never set foot in Disneyland after he overheard the small girl telling her mother that Mickey Mouse was scary. Historical footage of Disney laying out his vision for the park includes a lengthy section where Disney bluntly explains that every toddler on the planet is welcome in Disneyland besides a toddler named Hannah Peters from St. Paul, Minnesota because she was a "coward who is afraid of mice.". Disneyland has changed a lot over the years, but it's the things that stay the same which have made it a quintessential family trip destination for generations. One thing that has remained constant are the large billboards outside the park with photos of 7-year-old Lisa Meadows with the words "NOT WELCOME" superimposed over her face. While there's no risk of Lisa entering the park as she is long dead, the faded billboards remain as a charming reminder of both the Disneyland of years past and Walt Disney's insistence that Lisa never enter his park for some unknown reason.. One fascinating peek into the mind of a genius is Walt Disney's original Disneyland promotional cartoon, a masterpiece of animation and marketing which spends 1/2 of its running time explaining why young siblings Stacey and Brian Wilmington can't come to the park. "This brother and sister did something very, very bad to Mr. Disney, the creator of this wonderful park. They played a prank on Mr. Disney where they dressed up as tigers and pounced at him from behind a bush, something which scared him very much, and now they are not allowed inside the park ever" the narrator explains over whimsical animated footage of security guards ejecting a young brother and sister forcefully from Disneyland. The narrator then goes on to explain that Stacey and Brian's parents are still welcome to visit the park while their children wait in a specially-constructed containment pen just outside the gate.. Buried within Disney's massive will is a peculiar passage referencing a boy named Juan Ranola, who he claimed would be born in 2012 and was not to be allowed into Disneyworld. While the will never explains why Walt's beef with the yet-to-be-born boy, it leaves over $12 million of Disney's assets to be put into an investment fund whose earnings were to fund security measures to prevent Juan from getting into Disneyland. Walt's insistence that Juan and the other 5 children on this list never enjoy Disneyworld may seem cruel, but considering there are billions of children he welcomed into his park with open arms, having a mere 6 kids who aren't welcome isn't really a huge deal, so relax.,    If you're an animal lover, get ready to cheer, because one of America's most popular restaurant chains is taking a major stand for animal welfare: Red Lobster will now send each lobster down a fun, curvy water slide into a pot of boiling water.. Awesome! It's nice to see a massive corporate chain committing to doing what's right. . Red Lobster announced the new initiative earlier this week, detailing plans to outfit each of their restaurant kitchens with incredibly fun four-foot-long plastic water slides full of thrilling twists and heart-stopping turns designed to give lobsters the time of their lives before they reach the bottom and plunge to their deaths in a pot of boiling water. . "Lobsters are highly intelligent and capable creatures, and we feel it is our responsibility to honor them with exhilarating water park-style fun before cooking them," the company said in a press release. "Moving forward, every time you go to Red Lobster, you can take comfort knowing that each crustacean we serve spent its final moments happily zipping down a waterslide in a little pair of swim trunks, blissfully unaware of what awaits at the bottom." . Red Lobster also revealed that customers who wish to commemorate the animal who died for their meal will now be able to purchase souvenir photos of their lobster tumbling down the slide. By seeing its many legs flailing and its eye stalks bobbing as it hurtles towards its death in boiling water, customers can better appreciate the animal's sacrifice. . Wow! What an exciting moment for animal welfare!. Major companies like Red Lobster often think more about their bottom line than ethics, so this is truly fantastic news for everyone who cares about how we treat the animals with whom we share the planet. Bravo, Red Lobster! Keep up the good work!,    Hello fuck you I have a gigantic bucket of yogurt. Animals crawl into the bucket of yogurt and they die in there. I love my huge bucket of yogurt I take it with me to the graveyard I take it with me to the badlands. Do you want to hear all about my big bucket of yogurt? You want to hear what kinds of animals have climbed into my huge bucket of yogurt and died? Take this quiz to learn all about it!,    With so few movies released in 2020 as a result of theater closures due to the Covid-19 pandemic, there's been a lot of discussion about what might happen at the next Academy Awards ceremony. Fortunately, the Academy has just unveiled their exciting new solution: at the April 2021 Oscars, they're just gonna let Martin Short do his thing for like 45 minutes then give Best Picture to one of those random Netflix Christmas movies. . Now this is how you turn lemons into lemonade! Kudos to the Academy for their excellent problem solving!. In a press statement released earlier today, the Academy revealed their plan to cede the majority of the Oscars " runtime to Martin Short so he can do whatever it is that he wants -- be it interviewing celebrities in his fat suit as Jiminy Glick, doing whatever Ed Grimley's thing is, or just shooting the shit with Steve Martin until he hits the 45 minute mark -- before they'll award Best Picture to some straight-to-Netflix Christmas movie like . Holidate.  or . The. Princess Switch: Switched Again. .. "Between film festival cancellations and delayed releases, pretty much the only movies that came out this year were . Tenet.  and all those Netflix Christmas ones that they started putting up in like September, so we're just going to pick one of those for Best Picture and call it a day," said the Academy. "The rest of the show will be Martin Short sort of prancing around, because that fills the time and will be fine.". Amazing! Congratulations in advance to some movie like . The Christmas Chronicles 2 . or Dolly Parton's . Christmas On The Square . on winning Best Picture. !. The Academy went on to add that there will also be an In Memoriam segment at some point during the ceremony, but because the main people who died in 2020 were Alex Trebek and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, neither of whom were famous for movie stuff, they will just re-air last year's In Memoriam reel, citing that "it's not like those people aren't still dead.". So cool! It's great to see the Academy find ways to make the Oscars work during this unprecedented year. We can't wait to watch the ceremony in April!, You Were Supposed To Be On Goose Patrol: How Many Of These Goose Incidents Have Happened Under Your Watch?. Help Us Rehabilitate Our Friend Errol's Bad Boy Image By Looking At These 5 Pictures Of Him Gardening. User Experience Win: Twitter Will Now Warn You When You Reach Enough Followers That A Bunch Of 50-Year-Old Male Comedians Will Start Responding To All Your Tweets. 6 Weasels That Will Make You Nod Your Head And Say  "Weasels ". Catastrophic Dilemma: The Make-A-Wish Foundation Is In Crisis Mode After A Terminally Ill 12-Year-Old Demanded He Get A Blowjob From Mrs. Incredible. You Shall Look At These Pictures Of Tortoises While I Practice My Flute. The Saga Continues! J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That The Man SEAL Team Six Thought Was Osama Bin Laden Was Actually Professor McGonagall Using A Polyjuice Potion And The Real Osama Bin Laden Teaches Sex Ed At Hogwarts Now.       Pollution in the world's oceans has produced one of the greatest ecological crises the planet has ever experienced, and, troublingly, it now appears that things may only be getting worse: Thousands of endangered turtles have been found dead after auto-erotically asphyxiating on plastic six-pack rings.. Yikes. While this is undeniably terrible, it is definitely a self-imposed tragedy on the turtles " part.. Earlier today, a team of marine biologists at Stanford University announced that they'd discovered a flotilla of approximately 4,000 dead, blissed-out green sea turtles with plastic six-pack rings around their necks decomposing in a lagoon off the U.S. Virgin Islands, indicating mass accidental death via reckless self-pleasuring. The researchers later confirmed this theory after spotting another pod of the turtles in a neighboring coral reef engaging in similar behavior, provocatively slapping their yellow-hued bellies with one fin while rapidly plunging their cloacas with the other, the plastic soda rings around their necks stifling their rapturous churrs and causing their eyes to bulge disturbingly from their skulls. . "While man-made pollution certainly poses a grave threat to marine animals, this alarming pattern of harmful sexual behavior involving six-pack rings we're seeing among sea turtle populations suggests that they may very well be their own worst enemies," said Dr. Richard Abdelati, the lead researcher on the project. "That said, rigor mortis preserved many of the turtles " dying expressions, and nearly all of them were grinning in ecstasy. So seems like they at least went out doing what they loved.". "But to be clear, using litter to choke yourself while masturbating is a very bad idea, and if turtles keep it up, no amount of conservation efforts will be able to save them from extinction," Dr. Abdelati added. "The turtles are clearly giving themselves incredible orgasms, but this behavior is definitely does not bode well for the survival of their species.". Worryingly, Abdelati says that there is also evidence that the turtles are fatally masturbating themselves . in lieu.  of mating, noting that male turtles seem to be ignoring female turtles in favor of sticking their necks into plastic rings and pleasuring themselves. This suggests that not only are thousands of turtles dying from risky acts of onanism, but they're also failing to reproduce, putting the long-term survival of their species in jeopardy.. God, what a mess! These turtles really need to get their shit together.. Unfortunately, as humans continue to dump over 15 trillion pieces of plastic into oceans each year, it is likely that turtles will keep finding newer and more dangerous ways to use pollution to get themselves off. We can only hope that the world's sea turtles learn some self-control before its too late and all of them have died from auto-erotic asphyxiation. If they can't figure out how to achieve a satisfying orgasm without choking themselves with garbage, their future looks grim indeed., The Saga Continues! J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That The Man SEAL Team Six Thought Was Osama Bin Laden Was Actually Professor McGonagall Using A Polyjuice Potion And The Real Osama Bin Laden Teaches Sex Ed At Hogwarts Now. Comics Fans Rejoice! Marvel Has Announced That From Now On Spider-Man's Main Job Is Delivering Wine To Underage Kids. How Many Of These Isaac Asimov Novels Have You Read?. An Exciting New Era For  "Jeopardy! ": A Mustachioed Baby Boy From A Tribe Of Nomads In Inner Mongolia Has Been Named As The Successor To Alex Trebek. Hi, This Is Your Grandfather's Boss. These Are The 5 Infractions That Gave Me No Choice But To Pinch Him At Work Today (I Didn't Want To Do It). Can You Break Up With Me?. Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far With The Episode Where The Count Calls Elmo A "White Trash Bitch" To Teach Kids About Classism?.       If you're a fan of . , get excited, because there's an exciting new update about the wizarding world that's sure to blow your mind: J.K. Rowling has revealed that the man SEAL Team Six thought was Osama bin Laden was actually Professor McGonagall using a polyjuice potion and the real Osama bin Laden teaches sex ed at Hogwarts now.. Awesome! The saga continues! . The .  revealed the shocking twist on Twitter earlier today to the delight of Potterheads all over the world: . Wow! If you're a Harry Potter fan, there's no doubt that you're completely over the moon about this amazing news. It's so awesome that J.K. Rowling is willing to give her fans amazing new stories to fall in love with long after the original . Potter.  books have concluded. We can't wait to hear what comes next!,    Alright, here's the deal. This massive 6 "5" guy wearing a black trench coat just came barreling toward us right outside our office and said he made a list for us called "5 Absolutely Adorable Kittens To Get You Through This Week." Now, if we wrote this list, we definitely would have found some cuter kittens, because they really are not that adorable, but the guy had this huge walking stick that he kept slamming on the ground, and we were so terrified that we immediately agreed to his demands, so please keep that in mind as you read this list.. Right off the bat, it's clear that this cat is not adorable enough to kick off this list, but when a snarling 300 pound guy in soccer cleats hands you a thumb drive and says, "I wrote a list for you to publish on ClockHole [. ]," you do what he says, even if your website has never once accepted an unsolicited pitch before. He had this one fang-like tooth hanging out of his mouth that he kept running his fingers over, which freaked us out way too much to try explaining to him that if an adorable cat list only has 5 images, then every cat needs to be one that makes your heart melt. Also, FYI, the guy titled the pictures, not us. We know the cat isn't gorgeous. Cut us some slack.. "Ummm can this cat be ours right meow?!?" is what we'd usually write on a list like this, but straight up, we do not want this thing in our house. Had the guy seemed more approachable (perhaps by NOT wearing eye patches over both his right eye and his chin), we could have argued that hairless cats are way too polarizing to appear on a cute cat list, but we Don't want to go near him and his potential chin eye. We guess that if you've got the same "Don't mess with me" vibe as the scary guy, then maybe a hairless cat picture could help you through the week, but for everyone else, we know it won't do much. Oh well.. So we guess this is the guy's cat? Even if it's your own cat that you love more than anything, it doesn't belong on a list of adorable cats if it doesn't have those big sweet eyes that make you want to cuddle with it ASAP. Sorry. That's just how it works. Of course we didn't say that to him, though. We're a bunch of vitamin-deficient writers half his size who spend the entire day sitting in front of a computer -- do you realize how easy it would be to beat us up? No way we're gonna ask for that by arguing with a guy whose thumb drive contained just two files: this list, and a JPEG of a bloody hammer. Is it his hammer? We pray we never find out.. Bear with us for a moment. If you free yourself of any biases and really take a look at this picture, it's actually pretty adorable, right? They're all best friends on a bench! Fine. We know that's a stretch (because these cats are hideous), but the guy has spent the morning running suicides in front of our building while holding his walking stick like a spear, only taking breaks to eat a Renaissance Faire-style turkey leg that he pulls out of his backpack while shouting, "WHERE "S MY LIST?" We're really in a bind here.. Simply Nice is cute .   Simply Nice is cat.. ^That's copy the guy wrote. This is the only picture he wrote any copy for, maybe because it's supposed to be a conclusion or something? Who fucking knows. It makes zero sense, but publishing this seems like our best shot to get the guy to leave us alone, and we're not gonna take any risks by tampering with it. If you want to see some actually adorable cats, you're going to have to look somewhere else, because these mediocre ones are the best you're going to get from us today. Trust us, this is the kind of guy you definitely Don't want to piss off. We're all going to have to settle for "Simply Nice is cute .   Simply Nice is cat." Sorry.,    1. Look, sure, this little wrinkly guy might seem a bit freaky at first glance, but what you need to remember is that literally every single animal in the world is weird as shit. Rams are always running around headbutting each other to death, geese are always flying in weird formations and beelining into jet engines--honestly, it's hard to think of any examples of animals just behaving like normal guys. They're all oddballs, so just because mole-rats look gross doesn't mean they're special or anything.. 2. Naked mole-rats have a habit of eating their queen's feces, which is admittedly super bizarre, but again, ALL animals are basically lunatics. Why the hell do ducks casually lead their babies across busy freeways in single file lines, or why do squids shit ink everywhere whenever anything else gets close to them? There's no rhyme or reason to any of it. Nature is off its fucking rocker and cannot be reasoned with.  . 3. From the animal kingdom that brought you kangaroos with built-in stomach pockets comes the naked mole-rat with teeth outside of its mouth. No one is denying that the chompers on this thing are gnarly, least of all us, but hammerhead sharks have eyes on the sides of their wide-ass heads, so what's so strange about mole-rats having lips behind their teeth? Animals are just anatomical Mad Libs that spend all their time eating crap off the ground and figuring out ways to blend into rocks. They're all stupid as hell.. 4. Like, really, what are we looking at here? What the fuck is a giraffe? you're unnerved by naked mole-rats, which are basically just shaved hamsters, but then you Don't think twice when you see spotted horses with 20-foot-long necks that eat trees instead of normal food? All animals are chaos. It shouldn't surprise you at this point. . 5. Sorry, not to get sidetracked with the giraffes, but C'mon, what the fuck is going on here? Though it's undeniably wacky as shit, it's nothing out of the ordinary in the grand scheme of God's moronic design. Everything about animals is embarrassing and wrong. This is why we catch them and display them in zoos--it is amusing to stare at things that are different from us. . 6. Point being, you really shouldn't be fazed by these little foreskin-y lookin' fellows any more than you are by any other animal. Vultures fly around in circles above their food for hours on end instead of just eating it. Whales spend all their time moaning at each other from hundreds of miles away. Chimpanzees eat their own babies sometimes. None of it makes any sense, and it would honestly be way more unsettling if it did.. 7. For real, you think you're weirded out by naked mole-rats now? Imagine just how more disturbing it would be if they were just walking around all civilized like regular guys, acting just like us. It'd be a mindfuck! We're much better off with them being hairless and wrinkly and gross-looking.   . 8. So you see, even though this mole-rat isn't exactly eye candy, you shouldn't let it startle you. At this point in your life, you should be totally used to the ridiculousness of beasts, and your threshold for bewilderment should be pretty damn high. All animals are a joke, and naked mole-rats are par for the course. It's best just to not pay attention to them.,    The world became a colder, less joyful place today, because a tragic turn of events has robbed the music industry of one of its brightest young stars: The rope that was tied around Ed Sheeran's waist before he entered the fog just went taut and came out covered in slime.. This is just a crushing blow to all the fans who were excited to see where this talented young artist would take his craft next. We "ll always treasure the music he was able to share with us before his rope came back covered in slime, but it truly hurts to think of all the incredible albums he had yet to write that have vanished into the fog along with him. ,    For years, the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race has been under fire for the animal cruelty that sled dogs suffer during both its training process and the race itself, but a new announcement proves that Alaska's famous sled race has finally decided to listen to its critics: the Iditarod is officially replacing sled dogs with crab-walking children.. Awesome! This is a landmark win for animal rights!. Earlier today, the Iditarod Trail Committee announced that beginning in 2021, they'll put a stop to the race's pattern of dog abuse and neglect by replacing all sled dogs with crab-walking children who are roughly as tall as a husky. As animal rights activists have long pointed out, the windy, icy, and freezing conditions on the trail are incredibly dangerous, which is why it's so heartwarming to see the Iditarod recognize that dogs deserve to live a painless and dignified life and start requiring a dozen kids aged 6 to 11 to pull each sled instead. . Although the race may now take slightly longer than the usual two weeks since a dozen kids crawling on their hands and feet through 1,000 miles of Alaskan wilderness can't move as quickly as dogs, competitors and fans alike will be able to comfortably enjoy the race knowing that no animals are suffering during the event. But this new rule isn't just great for animals -- it's great for the environment, too. By relying only on dog-sized children to pull the sleds, mushers will be able to repurpose their old dog collars and paw booties on the crab-walking kids, ensuring that this new change is also zero waste!. Now this is how you treat animals -- and the planet -- with respect and dignity.. In addition to the criticisms of the trail conditions and violence dogs faced from their mushers, the race has also been criticized for the fact the dogs were not even able to consent to the risky experience the way that people can. The Iditarod Trail Committee has clearly taken that critique to heart, since the new regulation will now require every child crab-walking in the race to dip their hand into paint and leave their handprint on a participation waiver before they can compete.. Just amazing! After such a long record of sled dog mistreatment, it's so inspiring to see the Iditarod do what's right and retire their sled dogs for good. We can't wait to see those sleds pulled by crab-walking kids this March!,    If you're an . Office.  fan wondering what your favorite characters from Dunder Mifflin have been up to since the series ended, you're in luck, because one of the show's stars just dropped some exciting new details about everyone's favorite couple! John Krasinski has revealed that in 2020 Jim and Pam abandon their children and leave Scranton to follow Coheed and Cambria on tour.. Yes! So awesome to get this unexpected update from the world of . The Office. !. Krasinski dropped the news during a recent interview with . Esquire. , giving diehard fans a glimpse into what's happened in his character's life since the series ended in 2013:. "A lot of people ask me,  "John, what would Jim and Pam be up to today? " and I know for a fact that it's this: One day in early 2020, Pam turns to Jim and says,  "I'm tired of these kids. I'm tired of this life. I want to watch Coheed shows until I die. " And Jim says to Pam,  "You read my fucking mind, babe, "" Krasinski revealed. "The next day, Jim and Pam drop off their 10-year-old daughter Cece and 8-year-old son Philip at an orphanage and then immediately drive 800 miles to catch the band's next show. It's the happiest day of their lives.". Krasinski went on to describe how Jim and Pam spend their days driving a van around the United States in order to attend every single Coheed and Cambria show, completely abandoning their careers and burning through their savings. The actor also gave fans a special treat by revealing that Michael Scott and Stanley Hudson join Jim and Pam for a Coheed show in Peoria, NY, and after the show Michael gives Jim, Pam, and Stanley tattoos of the Keywork symbol. Sadly, Pam and Stanley get into a fist fight later that night because they have different fan theories about the ending of the Amory Wars saga. "It all works out though, because Michael puts  "Everything Evil " on the stereo and soon Pam and Stanley are hugging each other and singing along as if the fight never happened," Krasinski was quick to add.. Krasinski also revealed that Jim makes the decision to embezzle $50,000 from Dunder Mifflin so that he and Pam can afford to keep following Coheed and Cambria overseas for a series of European tour dates. After a concert in Lisbon, Jim and Pam see the band's lead singer Claudio Sanchez in the arena parking lot and say, "We're Jim and Pam from Dunder Mifflin," to which Sanzchez responds, "I Don't know what that is," and then boards the tour bus.. Unfortunately for . Office.  fans, Jim and Pam's life on the road isn't perfect. Krasinski said that Jim and Pam keep getting calls from their children begging them to take them back, and that every time they get one of these calls Pam says, "I am no longer your mother. I am a Child Of The Fence," and hangs up on them. Eventually they change their phone numbers so their children can no longer contact them. . Wow! Christmas has definitely come early for . Office.  fans!. What an awesome gesture from Krasinski to continue treating fans to character updates years after the series finale. We wish Jim and Pam the best of luck following Coheed and Cambria on tour, and we can't wait to hear about what life has in store for them next!, Tired Of Waiting: Bruno Mars Has Revealed That He's Fast-Forwarding His Career To The Part Where He Looks Old As Shit And Has A Sad Residency In Vegas. Know What To Look For: 6 Signs Your Barber Is About To Cut Your Hair. A Weak Man: This Guy Has A Bad Habit You Kicked Two Months Ago. Come Back Tomorrow: The Main Thing On The Internet Today Is Some Massive Argument Involving A Half-Fox Character From A D&D Podcast. Fed Up: The CIA Is Tweeting That If Your Terrorism Includes Computers And Emails, How's About You Drop The Pussy Shit And Fly A Plane At Us Like A Man. 9 Perverts Who Want To Meet You. Elegance Incarnate: This 8th Grader Has Taken A Series Of Incredibly Refined Photos Of Herself Doing An Arabesque In Pointe Shoes In Front Of The Cold Stone Downtown.   
    Hello. I do not have time to pay attention to you. My flute recital for Mrs. Wong's Flute Level 2 class is fast approaching and I need to practice. You shall look at these pictures of tortoises while I practice my flute.. Here, look at this picture of a tortoise. Stare at it for a long time. While you are doing that, I will be in the next room perfecting my flute technique. I will be doing my warmup scales just as Mrs. Wong taught me back in Flute Level 1. I will be doing scales for half an hour and I need total silence, so be sure to fixate on this tortoise and Don't make a peep.. Here is another tortoise. Examine it and do not ask me for anything. I need total focus as I begin rehearsing my piece for my flute recital. I shall be performing the theme song from . The Office.  on my flute. Mrs. Wong is counting on me to show everyone what a good teacher she is and I cannot be distracted.. The . Office.  theme song is only 32 seconds long, but I must not underestimate its difficulty. Last year I played the 1-800-MATTRESS jingle for my Flute Level 1 recital and messed it up even though it is only six seconds long. Mrs. Wong didn't speak to me for seven months after that. I must not let her down this year. Here is a another photograph of a tortoise to occupy your mind while I give myself over entirely to the study of the flute.. Let this image of a tortoise keep your mind busy while I am in the next room tooting away. The recital this year is being held in the children's book section of the public library. Maurice Sendak once did a book signing there. It is a hallowed space. I cannot tarnish it with a poor rendition of the . Office.  theme song. My wife will be there. My son and his live-in girlfriend will be there. Most importantly, . Mrs. Wong.  will be there. I cannot fail in front of them. Meditate upon this tortoise and do not disturb me while I practice my flute.. This tortoise isn't necessarily cute, but he is interesting. Certainly interesting enough to keep you busy for the six hours I need to rehearse for my flute recital. Please! You must understand! When I toot upon my flute, I want people to feel like they're really about to watch an episode of . The Office. . I want my son's live-in girlfriend to turn to him and say, "The power of your dad's flute has transported me to Scranton, Pennsylvania, home of Michael Scott and Phyllis. You are so lucky to have a dad who has mastered Flute Level 2." I want my wife to whisper, "I can see Jim and Pam!" And most of all, I want Mrs. Wong to close her eyes and exclaim, "I can smell Dwight Schrute because of this music!" Being able to play the . Office.  theme song at such a high level is going to take hours of dedication, so do not ask me for anything for a long, long time. Just look at this tortoise and be satisfied.. This is the last tortoise picture in my collection. It's going to have to keep you entertained for the rest of the day because I still have hours of flute practice left. It's so important that you quietly contemplate this tortoise and leave me in peace! I need my recital to be perfect! When I'm done playing the . Office . theme song, I want my son and his live-in girlfriend to smile at me and maybe even give me a thumbs up. I want my wife to say, "You played the flute so well tonight that when we get home I'm going to give you a little kiss on the cheek." And then ...she . does.  give me a little kiss on the cheek. And most of all, I want Mrs. Wong to tell me that she's proud of me and maybe take a picture of me to hang up in her studio so that when other flute students come to her studio she can point at my picture and say, "This is my best student--my greatest success. When he plays the . Office . theme song, it feels like Michael Scott is in the room breathing on the back of your neck. Flute students like this one make me proud to be Mrs. Wong." You must . not.  screw this up for me. Stay silent and look at this tortoise. I must practice. I must achieve perfection. Mrs. Wong is counting on me.,    In its 40 years of operation, the Make-A-Wish Foundation has brought hope to hundreds of thousands of sick children by making their wishes come true. Tragically, however, the nonprofit now has a request on its hands that's proving nearly impossible to fulfill: Make-A-Wish is in total crisis mode after a terminally ill 12-year-old demanded he get a blowjob from Mrs. Incredible. . Yikes. What a disaster.. Since receiving the wish from a boy in Omaha, NE with terminal leukemia last week, the Make-A-Wish foundation has been in a state of total disarray as they try to figure out if it's ethically acceptable for them to solicit a blowjob for a dying child, and if it is, how they'd possibly be able to get him one from a cartoon character. Although Make-A-Wish representatives have offered the boy several similar yet more doable wishes, like getting a hug from someone wearing a Mrs. Incredible costume, or doing a meet and greet with actress Holly Hunter who voices the character in the Pixar films, the boy has remained steadfast in his demand that he get a blowjob from "the real Mrs. Incredible." He has also explicitly told Make-A-Wish officials that they can't try to trick him on this, because he will "totally be able to tell if it's not really her.". While the Make-A-Wish Foundation historically does everything they can to grant a child's wish, their staff is reportedly split regarding the decision to grant this boy's request. On the one hand, it would be incredibly cruel to deny a dying child's final wish, but on the other, not only are there glaring legal implications associated with granting a 12-year-old's wish for a blowjob, the technology to allow someone to receive a blowjob from a cartoon character likely does not exist. However, nobody, not even the staff members who are adamant that his request be denied, wants to tell the boy that he won't be getting his dying wish. The only time the boy has smiled in weeks was when he told his doctor about how wonderful it will be to "get sucked off just once by the real Mrs. Incredible," and nobody wants to be the one to break his heart by telling him that this might not happen. . Wow. This request is causing a major disruption to the non-profit, as dozens of employees have already resigned over this complicated decision. Here's hoping that Make-A-Wish figures out how to handle this soon, because until it does, things are going to remain a total frenzy.,    Get ready to nod, because here are some weasels that will make you nod and then quietly say "weasels." . Yep, here's one. A weasel. Can't help but nod and say "weasels" when you see this small creature.. Well, what do we have here? It appears to be some type of weasel, which you will undoubtedly acknowledge with a quick nod of your head and a faint whisper of the word "weasels.". Again, when you see this animal you will nod and say the animal's name, which is "weasels." You will repeat this sequence several more times before this article ends.. *nodding profusely*. Nodding is a standard way of acknowledging things such as weasels, as is saying the names of the things you see. Therefore, it is entirely appropriate for you to nod and say "weasels" when you see this photo. This is how one learns about the world.. We have no more weasel pictures to show you today, but if you'd like to relive this internet experience, you are permitted to read through this list and nod at the animals one more time. When you are finished, please close this browser tab and never visit ClickHole again. Thank you for your cooperation.,    If you're a Twitter user, you're in luck, because the social media platform just unveiled a new feature that is seriously giving their user experience a major boost: Twitter will now warn you when you reach enough followers that a bunch of 50-year-old male comedians will start responding to all your tweets.. Incredible! Twitter is totally going above and beyond with this one.. In a press statement released earlier today, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey explained that they rolled out this new feature to alert users to the phenomenon of middle-aged male comedians responding to all of your tweets like you're old pals the moment you amass a decent amount of followers. Dorsey acknowledged that while it's not a terrible experience, it can definitely come as a bit of a surprise, so it's great to see that from here on out, whenever a user hits 10,000 followers, they'll receive a notification saying, "Congrats on reaching 10K followers! FYI, a bunch of 50-year-old comedy guys who just sit online all day and reply to every tweet they see are going to start responding to yours now, too.". "The user experience is very important to us at Twitter, and we want to make sure that our users who gain over 10,000 followers aren't caught off guard when their mentions are suddenly full of tweets from comedians whose bios list like 12 different TV shows from the past three decades," explained Dorsey. "Whether you were already following these comedians because you're a fan of a show they wrote on 15 years ago, or if you've straight up never heard of them before, we want you to know that these guys are going to be responding to all of your tweets with playful jokes, earnest advice, or, in the event of a particularly great tweet, just your name followed by a period.". The Twitter CEO went on to express regret over the fact that while it may seem like these comedians consider you a friend based on how frequently they talk to you on Twitter, it will never be clear exactly what your relationship to them really is.. "Do they want to hang out? Do they want to hire you to help write on some new TV show they're working on? Would they recognize you if they saw you in real life? Are they in love with you? We Don't know the answers to any of these questions, but we hope that giving you a heads up about this situation will give you adequate time to prepare," concluded Dorsey.. Awesome! This will totally provide users with some much-needed clarity when a guy whose big claim to fame is co-writing an episode of . Seinfeld.  in the 90s or working as a script supervisor on Season 2 of .  starts replying to all of their tweets. Well done, Twitter! You hit this one out of the park!, Customer Service Win: For An Extra $5 A Month, Spotify Will Stop Adding  "Archie, Marry Me " To All Of Your Playlists. 5 Adorable Baby Owl Photos That It'd Be Nice For You To Show Us For A Change. Incredible: MIT Scientists Are 99% Sure That Dude Is David Duchovny. Don't Pay A Dime: 6 Secrets To Getting A Free Glass Of Water At A Restaurant. Compassionate But Safe: Revlon Has Announced They've Stopped Testing On Animals But Are Including A Rat With Every Tube Of Lipstick In Case You Want To Test It Yourself. Who Gives A Shit: NASA Says It Has A Huge Announcement To Make About Neptune. Powerful And Healing: This Artist Imagined What Hitler Would Look Like In A Dunce Cap.   
    Hello, lover! You may be desperate to end things with me, but I have other plans in mind! Breaking up with me will be no easy task. Think you can do it?,
    Since the tragic passing of Alex Trebek earlier this month, . Jeopardy! . fans have been anxiously waiting for any news on what the show's future might hold and who might take over as host, and it looks like there are now finally some answers: a mustachioed baby boy from a tribe of nomads in Inner Mongolia has officially been named as the successor to Alex Trebek!. Wonderful news! Er, or perhaps should we say, ". What is.  wonderful news"! . The quiz show confirmed in a press release earlier today that Trebek will officially be succeeded by a 15-month-old Inner Mongolian child named Temujin, who is said to embody all of the necessary hosting traits that the ancient prophets foretold. A roaming tribe of . Jeopardy! . producers discovered Temujin only after vetting hundreds of other children in sub-Saharan Africa and the South Pacific without luck, noting that the boy was the only child they encountered with a full-grown adult mustache. The boy was also the only child who was able to successfully identify the hidden Daily Double on the centuries-old stone game board that is traditionally used to select new hosts. The child then proved that this wasn't just a lucky guess by correctly selecting Trebek's signature pair of rimless spectacles from a lineup of glasses, making it clear beyond a shadow of doubt that he is indeed the Chosen One. . Though still but an infant, . Jeopardy! . producers say that Temujin possesses a trivia show-hosting acumen well beyond his years, navigating conversation with the practiced efficiency of someone alway prepared to cut to commercial break while humoring his visitors " anecdotes of their long journey with a lukewarm "Good for you!"--a distinctly Trebekian response that leaves one with no doubt that the boy is truly the iconic host's reincarnation. This assessment was only further confirmed when, upon donning the late Trebek's spectacles, Temujin let out a beautiful wail bearing the distinct melody of the Final Jeopardy! theme song, just as was foretold throughout the ages. It was at this point that the producers signed Temujin to a lifelong contract and whisked him off to Hollywood to prepare him for his destiny.   . Extraordinary!. We cannot wait to see this new era of . Jeopardy! . unfold with Temujin at the helm. He is clearly the rightful successor to the . Jeopardy! . legacy, and being possessed with Trebek's spirit, there's no doubt that he will be loved and adored by viewers for many years to come. ,    Get excited, comic book fans, because one of the most iconic superheroes of all time is getting reimagined in a seriously awesome way: Marvel has announced that from now on Spider-Man's main job is delivering wine to underage kids!. Awesome! Looks like everyone's favorite web slinger has been officially updated for the 21st century.. Marvel tweeted out a statement this morning detailing all the ways in which fans can expect Spider-Man to change now that his principal responsibility is to give wine to children. The company explained that the change was designed to "bring Spider-Man to a whole new generation of fans" and to prove that "Spider-Man is good at giving wine to kids.". Marvel went on to reveal that Spider-Man will no longer be battling supervillains or joining forces with the rest of the Avengers and will instead be spending most of his time tending to an email address he set up called ". " When a child under the legal drinking age wants wine, they can send an email to that address that says, "Bring me wine, Spider-Man" along with their current location. When Spider-Man receives that email, he "ll grab several bottles of wine, tuck them into his waistband, and go swinging through the New York City skyline to deliver the wine to the kid as fast as he possibly can.. If you can't wait to see this bold new Spider-Man in action, you're in luck! Marvel also tweeted out a sneak peek of the next issue of . The Amazing Spider-Man.  due out next month. In the preview, Spider-Man is seen frantically whizzing through New York City to bring an eight-year-old boy a bottle of merlot when he suddenly sees Mysterio attacking a large group of people on the street below. When a woman calls out, "Save us, Spider-Man!" Spider-Man replies, "I cannot help you right now. There is a child out there who needs wine," before zipping up the side of a building and leaving them to get murdered by Mysterio.. Marvel also teased a scene where Spider-Man crashes through the window of a middle school math class, his arms filled with wine. The kids cheer as Spider-Man webs the teacher to the wall and gives each student their own bottle of wine. Spider-Man then says, "There are currently seven violent crimes happening within 20 square blocks of here and I will be ignoring them all," before hopping out the window and swinging off to Sam's Club to buy more wine.. So cool! We can't wait to see more!. This is seriously so exciting. It's always cool when Marvel takes their most iconic franchises in daring new directions. Let us know in the comments if you're as stoked as we are to see Spider-Man's new adventures in bringing wine to children!, Mental Health Win! There Is A Clown Falling From The Sky!. It's Noon On Election Day, And You Know What That Means: Time To Send The VP Candidates To Bed!. Sign Of Voter Fraud? Several Black People Have Managed To Vote In Georgia. Making His Case: Biden Just Launched A Series Of Wild, Unsubstantiated Attacks Against Himself In A Last-Minute Appeal To Republican Voters. Spookiness Takes Its Toll: The Stress Of Halloween Has Once Again Caused Breakup And Divorce Rates Across The Country To Skyrocket. J. Cole Said WHAT?!?. 4 Times I Followed A Trail Of Reese's Pieces On The Ground Thinking It Would Lead Me To A New Friend Only To Find It Led Me To An Arena Stage Where Neighborhood Teens Pulled My Pants Down In Front Of My Family.       Get ready to be wowed, because here's a story about a young lady who embodies elegance in a way the world hasn't seen since Audrey Hepburn: this 8th grader has taken a series of incredibly refined photos of herself doing an arabesque in pointe shoes in front of the Cold Stone downtown!. Breathtaking! . Earlier this week, 13-year-old Emma Billings of Norfolk, Virginia, used her mother's iPhone to capture a series of arresting images of herself next to a fountain in a gorgeous cobblestoned shopping plaza, which depict her striking a series of dance poses from her Pointe II class that evoke such grace and poise that you'd think she was a Bolshoi soloist. Emma had the idea for the shoot when she and three ballet friends decided to go to Cold Stone for some Birthday Cake Remix, and she quickly grabbed her dance bag and donned her best leotard so that upon arrival she and her friend Mackenzie could to hop out of her mom's minivan and stage the glamorous photoshoot. So focused was Emma on her artistic project that she barely noticed the group of preteen boys in neon Under Armour hoodies cruising by on RipStiks or the middle-aged moms by the Noodles & Company who were watching her with confused expressions, likely baffled as to how a mere child could possess so much sophistication. Instead, she proudly displayed Margot Fonteyn-like gifts of artistry as she clattered around on the stone ground in her brand-new pink satin Capezios, making dramatic leaps in the air before rushing over to Mackenzie to flip through the resulting images and delete the ones where her face looked "fucked up.". In addition to her talent for ballet, Emma must be a prodigious art director, because the contrast between her still, focused arabesque and the surrounding hustle and bustle of customers from the nearby Ulta create a stark contrast that serves to highlight the seriousness of Emma's involvement in the Youth Ballet Program at Norfolk Academy Of Dance. Before posting her photos in a carousel to instagram, Emma took care to edit the images to be as striking as possible, adding a sepia filter to some images for a vintage touch while enhancing others with thought-provoking captions such as "Dance" and "Emma Rose Billings <3 2020 <3". The photos somehow manage to even eclipse the ones from her shoot earlier this year, when she captured a number of dazzling images of herself and several friends wearing American Eagle bikinis and doing graceful grand jetes by the boardwalk at Virginia Beach.. These new photos in front of Cold Stone have already garnered positive comments like "YES emma!!!!" and "omggg how are u so flexible," suggesting that these may very well be the most elegant images the world has ever known.. All we can say is wow. These photos are simply the epitome of beauty and grace, and we will definitely be looking back on them whenever we need to be inspired! Truly, this is the finest art that the sidewalk in front of Cold Stone has ever produced. Brava, young lady! Brava!,    Over the past couple of decades, virtually every aspect of our everyday lives has been transformed by technology, including how people go about committing crimes. Yet not all of the change has been welcome, and now the world's most sophisticated defense organizations is aiming to take things back to how they once were: The CIA just took to Twitter to urge terrorists who commit terror using computers to "drop the pussy shit and fly a plane at us like a man.". Damn. Sounds like the CIA is getting pretty fed up!. The intelligence agency took to its official Twitter account earlier today to lament the impact of technology on terrorism in recent decades, calling on the world's criminal masterminds to log off the internet and go back to the days of committing extreme violence in person:. Wow. Seems like the CIA is really jonesin' for a good ol' fashioned scrap!. Whether terrorists around the world will heed the CIA's call is yet to be seen, but whatever happens, it's reassuring to know that those entrusted with defending our nation are ready and eager to confront whatever threats might come our way.,    Big "Large" Edmund is a big-time pervert who would like to make your acquaintance. Basically what makes this guy a pervert is that he likes to write his neighbor's names on porcelain dolls and then imprison the dolls behind a brick wall like in the Edgar Allen Poe short story. He has, like, 50 dolls living in his walls. He can't wait to come to your house and learn all about you.. This guy's legal name is Cranium. Cranium says he used to have a last name, but he "lost it for being naughty." We're not sure what that means. Anyway, Cranium has been doing a lot of research on you online and he'd very much like to hang out with you at your earliest convenience. He says he wants you to "become his secret," which sounds nice! Let Cranium know what times you're available to meet him by emailing him at  . Nancy Mulch says that she'discovered you in her book of names," and she's very interested in "observing you." Nancy is a top-shelf pervert for sure. She likes to do disgusting things in the dark. She likes to take animals apart and reassemble them in a "better way." She likes to use a power drill to "improve upon nature." Nothing she gets up to is wholesome. She "ll probably swing by your house sometime in the next few months.. Strangleman Messmaker did something terrible to his parents, who are still alive but very different from how they used to be. He had a dream about you and now he wants to "smell your wrist." He said he already knows when you're available, so you Don't need to send him your schedule or anything. He's coming to meet you soon.. Tim Landfill does a lot of pervert stuff all day long. He likes to catch rats in his basement, name them after his coworkers, and then eat them. He likes to use Photoshop to put his boss's head on a donkey's body, save the image as "Boss Donkey (New God)" and then bow down in front of it. In his spare time he draws a comic strip about himself where he is a superhero whose superpower is taking his shirt off at work. He heard about you from a mutual friend and he is dying to meet you! He says he wants to "get a good look at your head" and see if you are "worthy to come with him to the Sunshine Place." Sounds fun!. Linda Landfill is Tim Landfill's niece and she is 40 years older than he is. They go on dates to the movies and kiss each other on the wrist even though they are uncle and niece, and the reason they do this is because they are perverts. She heard about you from her much younger uncle Tim Duncan and is interested in meeting you as well! She wants to play a game of "advanced hide-and-seek" with you. Be sure to let Linda know when you're available to meet up!. There are three important things to know about the Jungle Twins. First, they are twins. Second, they are perverts. Third, they're excited to meet you! They read about your entire family online and decided that you were "the most promising." They've said that they want to "make you part of their religion" and "do experiments on you." Seems like you're in for a treat!. Lucinda W. is a pervert and she is already crawling toward your house from very far away to come and meet you! She is a pervert because of the things she does under her porch. Maybe she "ll tell you about them when she finds you!. Mrs. Problem is a real sweetheart of a pervert. She recently drew a picture of you getting eaten by ants in the desert. Her favorite thing to do is finding your house on Google Maps, zooming in all the way, and whispering, "Soon ...soon ... soon ..." while taking screenshots of your house to hang up around her toilet. She also likes watching episodes of .  slowed down so that everyone's voice is deeper. Mrs. Problem has recently expressed a very strong interest in having some kind of encounter with you, and once Mrs. Problem wants to meet someone, it's only a matter of time before that meeting comes to pass. Hope you have a nice time meeting Mrs. Problem! It's not every day you get to meet a top-shelf pervert like her!. you're so lucky to have the attention of so many perverts! All nine of them want to meet you, and they're going to get what they want no matter what. Have a good time with all your new perverted friends!,    Animal testing has long been a controversial topic with no easy answers. While animal welfare advocates deem it an unnecessary cruelty, it remains a highly effective method for determining the safety of products. It's a polarizing debate, but now one cosmetics company is empowering consumers to make their own choice on the matter according to their own beliefs: Revlon has announced that they are discontinuing animal testing but will now be including a rat with each tube of lipstick in case you want to do it yourself. . Awesome! Finally, a way to make everyone happy.. Revlon announced the news in a press release earlier this week, explaining that all of their lip products will now come packaged with a live lab rat and a small set of surgical instruments so that consumers can perform experiments on the animal if they'd like to make their own determination as to whether or not the product is safe for human use. This way, individuals who need to inflict suffering and death on innocent creatures to feel safe can do so, while those who are opposed to animal testing can simply free the rats in their backyards and use the products as usual. . Revlon has started promoting the rat-inclusive packaging with the tagline, "We Don't test on animals, but you can," neutrally positioning themselves in a way that appeals to animal rights advocates while not casting judgement on those who choose to pin down rodents and rub lipstick all over them so they can have some peace of mind. The marketing is also inviting to morally ambiguous individuals who would largely prefer not to harm animals but occasionally would like to test out a lip shade on a rat first to make sure it looks good before putting it on themselves.. What an amazing innovation!. Whoever came up with the idea of packaging a lab rat with lipstick and leaving the testing up to the customer deserves a massive raise, because this is a brilliant yet simple solution to an impossibly complex issue. Whether you're someone who tries to lead a do-no-harm lifestyle or someone who sometimes feels the need to expose rats to unfamiliar chemicals to make sure you Don't get a rash or whatever, Revlon has the perfect line of products for you. It's great knowing that you Don't have to be cruel--although totally cool if you want to!--in order to feel beautiful.,    Don't get too excited to spend another incredible day online, because once you hear what everyone's talking about right now, you might choose to come back tomorrow instead: The main thing on the internet today is some massive argument involving a half-fox character from a D&D podcast. . Just log off now. The amount of effort you're gonna have to put in to figure out what everyone's talking about is simply not worth it. . The gist of the argument seems to be that some Dungeons & Dragons podcast ripped off the idea of a "half-fox warlock whose parents died in a goblin raid" from another Dungeons & Dragons podcast, and the fan bases of both of these podcasts are fighting because they both think their favorite podcast is in the right. Obviously if you listened to one of the podcasts you'd probably give a shit and start going off in the replies, but for those who are coming in cold, the whole thing is pretty low-stakes and boring, and spending hours digging through Reddit to piece it all together is not going to be worth it.. Seriously, you're not missing anything if you just sit this one out. . The New Yorker.  released some long read about climate change that they definitely thought would be the big conversation piece, but everyone's completely ignored it in favor of this D&D thing. . Apparently it all started with a big Twitter thread from the host of one of the D&D podcasts, and the tweets are so viral that they're gonna appear on your timeline even if you Don't follow any of the people involved. All of the fans started changing their Twitter icons to illustrations of the half-fox they believe to be the original half-fox, and "#MyHalfFox" started trending, but then an old tweet was dug up from one of the hosts where he calls elves "knife-ears," which is apparently a slur in D&D (though literally no one outside of the D&D world would know that), and even Chrissy Teigen weighed in and said that he should be canceled. Also, someone posted a separate but related thread about how it's okay to find half-foxes attractive, but you just shouldn't act on it, and now there's a whole discussion going on about consensual beastiality.. Honestly, it's just not worth trying to parse out what's going on here. Nothing wrong with taking a day off from the internet every once in a while.. Of course, there's probably an explainer you could read on some website called, like, "Geekopedia," in order get up to speed so you can retweet something, but what's the point? This will all be over by the end of the day, and tomorrow everyone will be talking about something that either requires way less context or is actually interesting. Maybe a B-list celebrity will get body shamed or some senator will be outed as a sex pest. Fingers crossed!,    This may seem like a no-brainer, but you'd be surprised by how many people Don't see the writing on the wall then they walk in on their barber cutting someone else's hair. Sorry, but if your barber is going to cut someone else's hair, then they're probably going to cut yours right after, it's as simple as that. So if you walk into your barbershop and catch your barber is cutting another person's hair, Don't be surprised if you're next. . If your barber brings up how long your hair has gotten since they last saw you, odds are they've got one thing on their mind: cutting it. Sure, they could just be genuinely surprised by how long it's gotten, but they're probably only mentioning how shaggy it's gotten to work up to giving you a haircut. So you're going to want to be ready for that. . Watch out for your barber trying to distract you while they slip an apron around your shoulders: It's a telltale sign that a haircut is coming. There's pretty much only one reason a barber puts an apron on their clients, and it's because they Don't want to get hair all over them. Where's that hair going to come from? Your head. If your barber's apron comes off the wall and gets wrapped around your shoulders, you can pretty much guarantee what's coming next, and that's a haircut. . Yep, this one makes it pretty blatantly obvious. It goes without saying that if your barber starts salivating uncontrollably it's because they're gearing up to slice off your hair. They are, after all, barbers. . A lot of people Don't trust their hair's instincts, and if they did, their hair would be a lot longer. Your hair can often sense an impending haircut long before you do,.  so if you feel it frantically tugging your scalp away from your barber and toward the exit, it knows something's up. If you're looking to avoid a haircut, trust your hair and follow it out the door.. If your barber has scissors in their hand and those scissors are scratching a line in the wall and moving towards your hair, guess what: Your hair's about to get cut. Sideburns, eyebrows, neck hair, it's all getting shortened by your barber pretty much immediately. At least now you know what to look for, so it won't catch you completely off guard the next time you start getting a haircut. ,    Bruno Mars has never been one to rest on his laurels, and a big announcement he just made shows he's as eager as ever to take his career to the next level. He just revealed that, despite only being 35 and in the prime of his fame, he's going to fast-forward his career to the part where he looks old as shit and has a depressing residency in Vegas. . So much yes! Bold moves like this are why Bruno Mars is one of the greatest pop stars alive!. While it takes most famous singers years of gradual decline in fame, plummeting album sales, and crushing addictions to make the fall from worldwide superstar to off-strip Vegas lounge singer, Bruno is making the switch now on his own terms. While the specifics of Bruno's new chapter as a washed-up former star have yet to be nailed down, he's made it clear that if you're a Bruno Mars fan, Vegas is the only place you'll get to see him perform from now on. Mars has also indicated that fans who make the journey to Las Vegas to see him will have a choice of 3 different shows a day, 320 days a year, and purchasing a ticket will entitle you to a steak dinner that you can enjoy while you watch the performance. . Bruno announced this exciting new chapter of his career in an Instagram story today where he already looked like he'd aged about a century and was smoking a soggy, mashed-up cigar in a velour tracksuit. "From this day forward," he wheezed, "I'm only going to perform at a single old hotel in Vegas called  "The White Tiger Lounge. " I'm going to be the only person onstage, and all of the background music will be pre-recorded and way too quiet. I'm going to sing all of my hits off-key with the microphone too far away from my mouth. Outside the venue there now hangs a faded billboard with a picture of me from when I was 28 that will draw in excited European tourists who won't recognize me because I will weigh 300 pounds, look like I am over a hundred years old, and have started losing my hair. This is the next step in my career, and I'm tired of waiting for it. I'm ready to be an ancient has-been on the Vegas strip starting today.". ". I have said goodbye to glitzy worldwide tours and beautiful young fans and am welcoming a new era of playing 3 shows a day in a dilapidated casino theater between a buffet and a video poker lounge," the  "Just the Way You Are " singer continued in between bites of baked potato. "No more models and celebrities in my entourage for me! My best friends are now an alcoholic magician, a 78-year-old psychic who I can't understand because she doesn't speak English or Spanish who is secretly stealing all of my money, and a swan. We live together in a hotel room that has a fountain in it where I frequently bathe. This is my dream.". Whoa! If you thought Bruno Mars was awesome before, just wait until he's onstage in an ill-fitting tuxedo forgetting the words to songs he's played thousands of times. . you've gotta admit it's refreshing to see a megastar prematurely fall from grace on their own terms instead of drawing the process out. Plus, a Vegas residency means Bruno will still make a shitload of money despite only having to work a few hours a day and he won't ever have to write new music or rehearse, so it makes perfect business sense, too. Hats off to Bruno Mars for having the courage to torpedo his own career to live out his dream of being a sad shell of his former self!,    As human beings, we have the power to control our own destinies, and through constant hard work and dedication, we're all capable of becoming the best versions of ourselves. The thing is, though, that you have to . want it. , and sadly some people just Don't seem to have the strength and willpower it takes to hack it in this world. Case in point: this man has a bad habit that you kicked two months ago.  . God, what a shame. He really needs to get his shit together. . The man in question--a weak-willed coworker of yours named Mark--has for years been utterly powerless to soda, struggling with an unhealthy six-can-a-day habit not unlike the one you conquered earlier this year. Sadly, though, it seems that Mark does not possess the same type of self-motivation and mental resilience that you relied on to cut soda out of your life, which is a shame, because if he knew how energized and focused you've felt these past eight glorious weeks without all those artificial sweeteners and chemicals dragging you down, he might realize just how harmful and sad his lifestyle truly is. . God, it's honestly pathetic how utterly impotent he is in the face of his addiction, helplessly gulping down can after can of sugary poison every single day just like you once did before becoming enlightened to the far more sensible ways of flavored seltzer. Sure, making such a change is easier said than done--who can forget the several days of mild headaches you suffered through in order to better yourself?--but if Mark could just muster the strength to say "No!" to his carbonated master and power through a brief period of soda withdrawals, he could enjoy all the wonderful benefits that you've enjoyed these past eight weeks, such as losing five pounds without even having to exercise. But tragically, one fears that he is simply too weak. It's survival of the fittest, and, pitifully, it appears Mark is simply outmatched and overpowered by these inanimate aluminum cylinders of brown liquid that you so handily vanquished in a past season of your life. . God, where is Mark's courage? Where is the will to survive?. If only you could get through to him somehow. If only you could make him realize that his habit is putting him at a heightened risk of Type 2 diabetes and heart disease, whereas people who are strong enough to quit drinking soda--you, for example--are healthy and energized, laughing heartily in the faces of diabetes and other diseases of vice. Though you are now a much more determined and mature individual than Mark, you can remember a time many weeks ago when you weren't all that different from him, and if he too remembers this, then perhaps he will realize he still has hope. Not much, but there's a sliver. But at the end of the day, it's up to him to make the choice to kick his soda habit, and while it won't be easy for someone as weak-willed as him, hopefully you can continue to stand as an example to him of what it looks like to be a healthy, capable human being., A Beautiful Friendship: 4 Times Koko The Gorilla Signed To Robin Williams That They Should Totally Do A Movie Together And He Kind Of Just Tried To Laugh It Off But She Would Not Let The Topic Go. No Way He's Bouncing Back From This One: A Shocking Tape Has Surfaced Where President Trump Appears To Be Bragging About Groping Women To Billy Bush. Can You Help Drew Carey's Buddies Put Together The Perfect Plan To Finally Get Their Boy Laid?. Secrets Of The Master: Stephen King Just Revealed That He's Able To Write So Much Because He Doesn't Really Give A Shit If It's Dumb As All Hell. An Awesome TV Moment! Nick Cannon Removed The Mask Of A  "Masked Singer " Contestant And Found His Own Head Under The Mask And Screamed In Horror As The Audience Cheered. Doubling Down: After Accidentally Calling His Teacher Mom, This High School Student Got Emancipated And Had His Teacher Adopt Him. Can You Teach Big Bird To Act Appropriately In Court During His Upcoming Murder Trial?.       Human history is filled with horrific crimes and atrocities, but this one beautiful image that's making the rounds on the internet today is finally causing some of the old wounds of the past to heal: This incredible artist imagined what Hitler would look like in a dunce cap.. Powerful. This image really opens one's eyes to what a pitiful little man Hitler truly was.. The artist behind this staggering work is San Francisco-based graphic designer Petyr Cross. Cross spent over six months studying Hitler's facial features and the architecture of dunce caps and, after over 1,000 hours of labor, was able to craft a credible image depicting the genocidal dictator wearing the universal symbol of idiocy and poor behavior. It's an extraordinary work of art that brilliantly manages to expose Hitler's true character unlike anything else before.. "I was thinking about how rotten Hitler was, and it occurred to me that a man that evil belonged in a dunce cap," said Cross, explaining his work. "I think that when people see Adolf Hitler looking humiliated in his pointy headwear, it will make them feel better about the abhorrent events of World War II and the Holocaust.". Looking at this image, one cannot help but imagine how embarrassed Hitler would feel if he were forced to don this hat before a big crowd. His face would probably be beet red, and he would certainly regret all the horrible things he had done. And all those who suffered so much under Hitler's brutal rule would doubtlessly be on their feet weeping cathartically if they could see this despicable man adorned in such a dumb-looking punitive hat.. We are getting goosebumps just thinking about it!. What an incredible testament to the healing power of art. Kudos to Petyr Cross for working so tirelessly to change our perspective on one of history's most infamous monsters. It . almost . makes you wish Hitler was still alive so we could see him in a dunce cap for real!,    Well, file this one under "POINTLESS WASTE OF TIME," because here's a story that could not possibly matter less: NASA says it has a huge announcement to make about Neptune.. Oh, really? Neptune? Wow, no one gives a shit! . Earlier today, NASA went on social media to tease a forthcoming announcement that will apparently "change everything you thought you knew about Neptune," as if Neptune was a thing people actually cared about and not just some bullshit planet most people haven't thought about since learning about the solar system in second grade. The space agency framed the news as if it's something truly momentous, seemingly under the baffling impression that new facts about irrelevant planets could somehow affect people's everyday lives in any possible way, even though literally no one who is normal has actually cared about space since the moon race in the  "60s.. Seriously, no matter what the announcement is, it just cannot possibly matter. Like, if they say there's water on Neptune, who gives a shit? Our fucking toilets have water in them, too, but you Don't see us making announcements about it. Or maybe they'll tell us they found some microscopic organisms or something, but again, who gives a shit? Unless it's real-ass aliens you can see without a microscope, it just literally does not matter to the American people. We do not know or care what Neptune looks like or if it is made of gas or anything like that because it is not a consequential planet. We only care about Earth, Mars, the moon, the sun, and sometimes Saturn due to the fact that it has rings. Everything else in space is just . Star Trek . bullshit.  . Listen, NASA, how about you just let us know if there's a deadly asteroid flying towards us, but then otherwise shut the fuck up. You are nerds, and almost nothing you do or find is interesting to us. Like, if we Don't give a shit about the rocks five feet away from us on the ground, then why the hell would we care about rocks that are a billion lightyears away or whatever? Outer space is very dumb. Borderline embarrassing, honestly. . Anyway, fuck off to Neptune. And fuck off to NASA, too. Don't talk to us again until you've got legit-ass aliens to show us, because we simply do not have time for your bullshit.,
    We've shown you a lot of photos on our website over the years, and honestly, it's starting to make us feel like our relationship is a little bit one-sided. So, yeah: here are five adorable baby owl photos that would've been nice for YOU to show US instead.. 1. Just look at the eyes on this little guy! So cute! We were super stoked to show you guys this pic, but if we can be real with you here for a sec, it'd be cool if maybe you guys could show us stuff like this from time to time, too. You know, in most relationships, there's this sort of implied reciprocity thing going on--someone buys you a drink, you buy them one back, etc. It's just basic social tact. So after curating thousands upon thousands of awesome photos for you over the years, maybe it's time for you all to return the favor. Just saying.. 2. Awww, look at this PERFECT little ball of fluff burrowing peacefully in a tree. It'd sure be nice if someone were to send US cute photos like this! Yes, we're a website, and the whole deal of websites is to publish content, but there are . people.  behind websites, goddammit, and those people like getting sent cute pics just as much as anyone else. Like, you guys do have access to Google, right? It would take literally 30 seconds for you to find an adorable baby owl like this on Google to show us, and it would seriously brighten our day.. 3. Three little owl babies! Triple the cute! To be frank, we're beginning to feel stupid showing you all of these knowing you're not planning on ever returning the favor. It's not like we expect people to be sending us cute pics every single day or anything. It's more like how you might give your mailman a card at the holidays--just a little something every now and then to show that you appreciate them and their work. . 4. The biggest thing for us is that it's not even, like, difficult to put these photos together. It's a simple search. Type "Cute baby owls" into Google Images and hit enter. It'd be so easy for you to do that. And for us, it's not even so much about seeing cute pics--we see plenty of those as it is. It's more about just feeling appreciated. We spend all day long making content for you because we truly care. But no one seems to care about us :( . 5. Well, here's the last one. Must be nice to have all these cute owl photos so conveniently curated for you. We say "must be" because we wouldn't know--we're always the photo-posters, never the photo-receivers. Guess that's just the way it is for some people. We'd really appreciate it if someone would make us feel special and send us something nice for once, but at this point we're not holding our breath.  ,    A team of researchers just compiled some groundbreaking evidence that the guy seated not too far from them is actually someone super famous and not just some average Joe: scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are 99 percent sure that dude is David Duchovny. . Just amazing! It's incredible what kinds of discoveries science can make!. Following an exhaustive ten minute study, the researchers have determined that the man sitting right over there in the airport terminal has totally got to be . X-Files.  star David Duchovny, noting how he looks pretty much exactly the way he does on TV, barring some bags around his eyes and some slight facial hair, which makes sense after factoring in how he definitely has professionals do his hair and makeup when he's on set. Although there is a one percent margin of error due to the fact that the scientists are in Boston and not, like, Los Angeles where David Duchovny probably lives, the way in which he is just sitting inconspicuously with headphones on further supports their hypothesis since a big star like him would most likely just want to get on his flight without having anyone come up to him and ask for an autograph. . "To test our theory that this was, in fact, David Duchovny, I pretended to take a selfie with my phone's front-facing camera, but I was really using the rear-facing camera to snap a picture of the guy, which I then sent to my friend who is super obsessed with . Californication. ," explained the study's lead researcher, Dr. Angel Malmrose. "To maintain objectivity, I didn't say who I believed was in the picture -- I just sent it off with no caption. Fortunately, my friend's immediate reply of  "david duchovny!!!! awesome " is strong evidence in support of our hypothesis that the guy is definitely who we think it is.". Although all of their initial results were promising, the team still had to verify their theory with the use of a control group. In their next trial, one researcher discretely whisper-shouted "David Duchovny!" within 10 feet of the man they believed to be David, as well as within 10 feet of a random, other man in the airport dubbed the "placebo David." When only the man they suspected to be David Duchovny turned his head in response to hearing the name, it provided even more evidence that the research team's theory was sound.. While the scientists say that the only way to be 100 percent sure that this guy is David Duchovny would be to just go over there and ask him point-blank who he is, they admit that it would be an infringement on his privacy. However, they say that they might work up the courage to say something if he ends up being on their flight, and especially if he's in their same row. . Just fascinating! This has to be the biggest scientific breakthrough since a team at UCLA determined with 85.3% certainty that they saw Leonardo DiCaprio in an In-N-Out. Congrats to the MIT researchers on their amazing discovery. Science FTW!,    : For an extra $5 a month, Spotify will stop adding "Archie, Marry Me" to all of your playlists.. Awesome! Now this is how you do customer service right! . Although Alvvays's 2013 single "Archie, Marry Me" is a catchy song that can be pretty enjoyable to listen to every now and again, many Spotify users have noted that the service queues it up so frequently that it would definitely lose its magic if they listened to it every time Spotify recommended it. However, beginning today, Spotify will now offer an incredible solution to this problem by giving Premium members the chance to upgrade into a new plan where the song will no longer appear on any of their premade Spotify playlists, such as their Time Capsule or Summer Rewind, or autoplay whenever they finish listening to an album. . "We're thrilled to announce that any Spotify users who's tired of how often our service tries to get them to listen to  "Archie, Marry Me " can officially avoid the indie pop hit entirely for a small fee each month," said the company in a press statement released earlier today. "It's a great song, but we recognize that not everyone wants to hear it on their Discover Weekly or Daily Mix all the time, or see it listed in the recommendations under every single playlist they make. With our new upgrade, users can rest assured that the only times they will ever hear those soft bird chirps and the unmistakable guitar riff that kick off the song will be when they seek it out themselves.". Hell yes! It's so amazing that Spotify totally gets that just because "Archie, Marry Me" is a song you like to hear occasionally doesn't mean you want to hear it every single day. Hats off to Spotify for this one -- we can't wait to sign up for this awesome new service!, Can You Teach Big Bird To Act Appropriately In Court During His Upcoming Murder Trial?. Epic Clapback! Joe Biden Just Tweeted At Trump That His Nickname Should Be  "Awesome Joe " Because He Is Awesome. Flying Too Close To The Sun: Donald Trump Jr. Just Introduced Himself At A White House Dinner As  "Big Donald Trump Jr. " And His Father Slapped Him In The Face. Sing, Calliope! O, Sing In Us Those 5 Perfect  "Frasier " GIFs, And With What Deft Hand They Nail What Having Social Anxiety Is Like. Productivity FTW: Slack Has Unveiled A New Feature Where It'll Shut Off For 20 Minutes A Day So You Can Actually Get Some Goddamn Work Done For Once. Honor Code: We Can't Figure Out How To Set Up An Actual Paywall On This List Of What The  "Gilmore Girls " Cast Is Up To Now, So If You Read It Please Mail Us $3. Here's How This Is Gonna Work: you're Going To Get Down On Your Hands And Knees And Beg Us Like A Dog For The Only Sheet Pan Recipe You'll Need This Fall.       Last week I watched a movie called . E.T..  about a hideous Yoda guy named E.T. who eats Reese's Pieces he finds on the ground until they lead him to a new friend named Elliott. Now when I see a trail of Reese's Pieces on the ground, I follow it out of hope that it might lead to a new friend. Unfortunately, the past several times that this has happened, instead of bringing to a new friend, the trail of Reese's Pieces has led me to the stage of a large arena where teenagers pulled my pants down in front of my family. . I was in New York City on a business trip when I saw a trail of Reese's Pieces on the sidewalk. I remembered how in . E.T.. , the Yoda-looking supermodel named E.T. followed a trail of candy to a brand-new friend, and so I decided I would do the same thing. I got on my hands and knees and started eating the Reese's Pieces while crawling down the New York City sidewalk. Someone shouted, "Get out of the way," and I said, "When I finish eating this candy off the ground, my new friend and I are going to come back here and beat you up." I followed the trail of Reese's Pieces into a dark room where I could not see anything. I shouted into the darkness, "Hello, my name is Heinrich and I am ready to be your friend!" At that moment the lights came on and I found myself standing onstage at Madison Square Garden in front of 20,000 people. Then some teens from my neighborhood came up behind me and pulled my pants down so my ball bag, ass, and ding-dong (Penis) were exposed to the whole crowd, who all started pointing at laughing at me. In the front row I saw my entire family, and when they saw my pants go down, they lost all respect for me. My dad was there and he screamed, "The only Penis I've seen that's smaller than his is my own!" and then he high-fived my wife. My son Jeffrey, usually so well-behaved, was giving me the middle finger and he said, "Dad, your ass looks like you rented it from a mummy." The Jumbotron started showing a live-feed of my scrotal ball sack and the whole crowd started chanting, "Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!" I burst into tears and ran offstage with my pants around my ankles.. I was in the middle of giving the most important presentation of my career in front of several executives of my company, including the CEO, when I caught sight of a trail of Reese's Pieces on the floor outside the conference room. I immediately halted my presentation and said, "Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, but I need to eat food off the floor in order to make a new friend, just like that Yoda guy, E.T." I got on my hands and knees and crawled out of the conference room and started eating the Reese's Pieces, following the trail out of the building and into the street. After following the trail of candy for a few days, I found myself in a darkened room. I said, "Hello, new friend. I'm Heinrich the nice man! Let's do an activity together." At that moment, the lights came on, and I discovered that I was standing onstage at the fabulous Staples Center before a totally packed house. Immediately after this, a group of teens I had never seen before in my life pulled my pants down in front of everyone. People started laughing and throwing garbage at me, and I saw my family sitting in a luxury box, looking through opera glasses at my ball sack and my ball bag and my ding-dong (Penis). I called to them, "Family! I love you so much! Do not be afraid of me just because my pants are down! Let's go home and read each other Smashing Pumpkins lyrics like we did in happier times!" But it was too late. Now that my pants were down, my family had lost all respect for me. My mom and dad were both there and they were holding up a sign that said, "We had an imaginary son named Fuck-Man, whom we loved more than you!" My wife, Lilith, once the joy of my heart, pointed at my Penis and said, "Eek! A cricket!" and then started making out with a shirtless man who was very muscular. My son, Jeffrey, usually so well-behaved, flipped me off with his middle finger and shouted, "Dad, your ass looks like it crawled out of your butt!" I tried to pull up my pants, but I pulled them up too fast and ended up giving myself an atomic wedgie. I ran offstage in tears with my underwear pulled over my head. The Reese's Pieces had once again betrayed me and led me into the treacherous hands of the teens.. I was driving my car to an important doctor's appointment where surgeons were going to perform life-saving surgery on my heart and lungs. I was on the highway when I saw a trail of Reese's Pieces leading off the side of the road and into the forest. I immediately realized that these could lead me to a new friend who wanted to do friend activities like go fishing or shoot a flip flop off my head with an AK-47. In honor of E.T., I opened the door of my moving car and rolled out onto the street as my car careened at 70 miles per hour off the road and into a tree, where it burst into flames. I crawled on my hands and knees eating the Reese's Pieces, following the trail for miles and miles. With each bite, I grew more excited to meet my new friend.. The trail of candy ended in a dark room and I excitedly said, "Hello new friend! It is I, Heinrich, the honest gentleman! I cannot wait to go on a bike ride with you and talk about our favorite movies!" That was when the lights turned on and instead of a new friend I found myself in England's historic Globe Theater, home to the plays of William Shakespeare, which was packed with hundreds of people. "Where is my new friend?" I asked, and that is when a group of about 40 teenagers came onstage and pulled my pants down. "No! Not again!" I screamed as my buttocks unrolled like a scroll to the whole theater. My Penis, ball sack, and ball bag were also quite visible. I looked down and, to my horror, I discovered my family seated in the front row cackling at my humiliation. I said to them, "Please, family, I'm still me even though my pants fell down! Let's go on vacation to a water treatment plant like we did in happier times!" but it was too late: they didn't respect me anymore because the teens had pulled my pants down. My son Jeffrey, usually so well-behaved, saw my ass and said, "Dad, because of your ass, my new dad is Marilyn Manson." My mom and dad were there and they were holding up a sign that said, "When you were 10 years old we paid a witch $10,000 to turn you into a dinner plate, but she got hit by a bus before she could finish the spell." My wife, Lilith, once the joy of my heart, called my Penis a rat and then started Googling the phrase "How to divorce someone so hard that they get diarrhea" on her iPad.. Worst of all, my pubic farmland was revealed to all, and many people in the crowd shouted that it seemed like my pubic farmland could grow vegetables. I tried to tell them that my pubic farmland was desolate and only good for growing hair, but they said they didn't believe me. I burst into tears and tried to pull up my pants, but I grabbed my shirt instead and yanked it off so that I was completely nude except for my baseball cleats. I ran offstage weeping and friendless.. After this ordeal I tried to reschedule my life-saving surgery, but the lady on the phone said that the hospital had been shut down and turned into a high-kill dog shelter.. I went to my local barber shop yesterday and I saw a man there who was wearing the same T-shirt as me (it's a shirt with a picture of the band KISS saying, "Thanks, but you're the real hero" to the Wolfman). I got really excited and said, "Hey! We've got the same shirt! Let's be friends!" and the man said, "Wow of course! My name is Dennis and I am religious!" I was about to ask Dennis some friendship ice-breaker questions like if anyone he knew had ever been struck and killed by a meteor when out of the corner of my eye I saw a trail of Reese's Pieces. I said to Dennis, "Actually, I'm going to eat this candy off the floor like E.T. to see if I can meet someone better than you. Goodbye." Then I got down on my hands and knees and started eating the Reese's Pieces off the ground on all-fours like a dog.. I followed the trail of candy for miles and miles and once again found myself in a dark room. I excitedly shouted, "Hello, new friend! It's Heinrich! I abandoned Dennis to hang out with you!" At that moment the lights came on and I found myself standing onstage at the Nassau Coliseum (home of the New York Islanders) in front of 30,000 people. Then, like clockwork, a group of teens sprinted out and pulled my pants down in front of the whole crowd. To my horror, I saw my family seated in the back row of the coliseum. Then I saw that they were also in the front row of the coliseum, so they were seeing me pantsless both up close and from far away--the worst possible combination. I told them to look away from my genitals and buttocks, but instead they looked at them harder. They scrutinized my pubic farmland and they lost all respect for me. My parents were pointing at laughing at me and my mom said, "When you were an infant I made you breastfeed from the family dog and that's why you went bald in third grade!" Then she cackled like a witch and kissed my father passionately.. My son Jeffrey, usually so well-behaved, gave me the middle finger by flipping me the bird. He laughed at my Penis and pubic farmland and told me that his new dad Marilyn Manson was teaching him a form of martial arts that only worked on me. My wife, Lilith, once the joy of my heart, said my Penis looked like "Herman Munster's prom date," which I didn't fully understand, but it still hurt. Then I saw her use her iPad to Google "How to make your husband get struck by lightning every time you have sex with your secret muscular boyfriend.". I tried to pull my pants up, but instead I accidentally hit a button that said "Hornets," which caused a swarm of hornets to fly out of a hatch in the floor and start stinging my ass and body. I screamed and ran offstage with my pants around my ankles while everyone in the arena jeered.. After so many humiliations I considered giving up following trails of Reese's Pieces, but then I decided: No! No, I will not allow the teens who pull my pants down to harden my heart to the possibility of new friends. Just like the ugly Yoda man E.T., whenever I see a trail of Reese's Pieces on the ground, I will get down on my hands and knees and start eating them and follow where they lead. 99 times out of 100 times they may lead to an arena stage where my ding-dong (Penis) and pubic farmland are exposed to my family and thousands of strangers, but I will never lose hope in that one time out of 100 when the candy leads me to a new friend and we can do friendship activities together like roll around in mud or pretend to kill each other with knives. My pants may be down, my ball sack and ball bag may be exposed, but my arms are open, and open they shall stay. For the rest of my days, I will always be crawling toward my new friend, eating Reese's Pieces off the floor along the way.,
    Election Day isn't even here yet, but we're already seeing troubling signs that anti-American liberal traitors are doing everything in their power to attack the integrity of our FAIR, CHRISTIAN election to undermine our WHITE PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP: According to reports, several Black people have managed to vote in Georgia.. This is BLATANT evidence of voter fraud! Democrats are clearly trying to steal the election!. Worryingly, sources have now confirmed MULTIPLE instances of Black individuals successfully casting ballots at various locations across Georgia, which just should not be possible given the robust fraud protections that are in place to ensure that the state receives only the HIGHEST QUALITY VOTES from PREAPPROVED VOTERS, most of whom are coincidentally white. Georgia's voting laws are LEGAL AND WONDERFUL, and if so many Black people have managed to vote, then that means they are ignoring the PERFECTLY REASONABLE VOTING RESTRICTIONS the state worked so hard to put in place. Clearly, something EXTREMELY FISHY is going on if Black voters are still managing to exercise democracy despite the SWEEPING PURGES of Black citizens from voter rolls that the state carried out in recent years to make the voting process more EFFICIENT and ECONOMICAL. There must be an INVESTIGATION into this TREASONOUS BEHAVIOR!! . And another thing: Georgia's WISE AND JUST lawmakers have worked very hard to shut down unnecessary polling places in Black communities in order to STREAMLINE the election process, and yet despite having to travel so far to vote, many Black Georgians are still casting their ballots. The fact that these people would invest such OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS OF TIME AND TRAVEL to participate in something as boring as voting should raise some MAJOR RED FLAGS, as do you honestly think anyone would put in THAT MUCH effort to cast one measly, inconsequential vote unless they had ULTERIOR MOTIVES?!? Not likely!. These disturbing reports also suggest that Black voters have been managing to sneak RIGHT PAST the brave PATRIOTS who have selflessly volunteered to watch over voting centers with their trusty assault rifles in order to politely remind people to vote for Donald Trump. It's just so inconsiderate for Black people to completely ignore these wonderful guardians of democracy to go ahead and vote, especially considering that these guardians are merely VOLUNTEER MILITIA MEMBERS who are selflessly donating their time to protect ALL AMERICANS from the ever-looming threats of SOCIALISM and political policy derived from the WITCHCRAFT OF SCIENCE. There's definitely something rotten going on here, and we need some patriots to do some digging and figure out what it is!. Our democracy is under attack!. While these reports are disturbing, they shouldn't come as a surprise, as the DEEP STATE PUPPETEERS have been openly working for months on what they laughably describe to the public as the "Joe Biden campaign" yet is very obviously just a diabolical ploy to remove our BEAUTIFUL PRESIDENT DONALD JOHN TRUMP from office by weaponizing the power of voting against him. It is beyond disturbing. Yet though leftist radicals are clearly determined to cheat the election, we can be encouraged by the stories coming out of places like Texas and North Carolina, where STRONG, GOD-LOVING PATRIOTS are working tirelessly to thwart the liberal tyrannies of mail-in voting, widespread voter registration efforts, and other disgraceful tactics that Obama-loving fascists are exploiting to try to sabotage WISE PRESIDENT TRUMP's rightful reelection. Stay vigilant, patriots--SOCIALISM WILL NOT WIN!!!!,    Well, folks, the clock just struck noon on Election Day, and that can only mean one thing: it's time to send the VP candidates to bed!. Goodnight, Mike Pence! Goodnight, Kamala Harris! Only one more sleep until you find out who the next VP will be!. As per tradition, Pence and Harris will momentarily be escorted to their respective bedrooms by a corps of West Point cadets, who will then sing a series of patriotic hymns to lull the candidates into a deep sleep. A spokesman for Harris has confirmed that the senator has chosen a XXL airbrushed T-shirt with the word "CANCUN" on it as her official Election Day pajamas, while reps for Pence say the incumbent VP will be donning a full suit and tie in bed just like he always does.. Before heading to bed, both VP candidates are expected to participate in the customary Brushing Of The Teeth, with each set to scrub their pearly whites with the same storied oak-and-horse-hair toothbrushes that their parties " VP candidates have used for centuries yet never rinsed off as a matter of superstition. Then, once they've brushed their teeth and curled up under their sheets, the candidates will each be treated to exactly one bedtime story of their choice. The Harris campaign has confirmed that she has chosen a chapter from . Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. , while Pence has reportedly requested to hear the recounting of Amoz's lineage from the book of Isaiah, an old childhood favorite.. Following the bedtime stories, the presidential candidates will then arrive at the VP candidates " bedrooms to kiss them goodnight before returning to the day's campaign events. The VP candidates will then fall asleep and will remain sleeping until the election results are in, at which point they will be awakened by a series of five gunshots and then alerted to the election results via breakfast, with the winner being served a plate of delicious fried ham with a large glass of Alka Seltzer and the loser being served a pile of dead pigeons with a large glass of Alka Seltzer. The winning candidate will then eat their meal before heading out to celebrate with their running mate, while the losing candidate will be taken to Arlington National Cemetery and buried alive.. The custom of making the VP candidates go to sleep at noon on Election Day originated in 1778, when George Washington noticed that his running mate was "so taken by the day's excitements" that his "manhood stirred visibly with excessive activity of blood and nerve, spurring him to partake in vigorous acts of self-abuse against his own groin before a large gathering of aghast political patrons," an act that embarrassed Washington so greatly that he ordered Adams to "retire to his bedchamber at the luncheon hour so that he could proceed with his troubled amusements privately, a command with which Adams eagerly complied, attending to the hiss and clang of his privates with such unhindered energy that he swiftly tuckered and fell into a slumber." The tradition has continued faithfully ever since, although it nearly came to an end in 2016 when Donald Trump seemed unaware of his duty to uphold the custom, yet luckily he ended up sending Pence to bed at noon anyway for completely unrelated reasons.. Fascinating!. This tradition is definitely one of the most fun parts of Election Day, and here's hoping that this year's VP candidates are able to fall asleep quickly so that they can find out who won the election as soon as possible. Sweet dreams, Mike and Kamala! ,
    "All surfers are gamblers. they'll risk everything--their job, their relationship, their life--all for a shot at riding that perfect wave. And even when it finally comes along--the one at Encinitas with the never-ending barrel, that monster fifteen-footer last winter that could've killed you, the one at Zuma you'll tell your buddies about for years--some part of that wave stays with you. The water gets in your ears, mutes the rest of the world. And all you can hear is the sound of that perfect wave, crashing over and over again in your head--taunting you to find it again. Liam saw the outside before anyone else. Dang, it was fast. He barely had time to whip his board around before it was already on his heels. He paddled ferociously, his arms slicing through the water like oars on a Viking ship.  "Come on ... come on ... " He felt the wave lift the back of his board. It had him. No. He had it. He stood up and carved down the face of the wave, the barrel curling around him. Sheltering him. He could live in here, he thought. Just enough room for a twin bed. Cheap rent too. And how about that view? The sparkling sea, palm trees arching on the shore, some old man in an innertube--SPLASH! Five seconds later, he emerged from the whitewater and turned on the leathery old man who had ruined the best ride he'd had all day.  "What the heck, dude? " The old timer just looked at him quizzically and floated away. Up on the shore, Cory had stopped filming and was laughing his butt off. Liam rolled his eyes, got on his board, and paddled in, swerving to avoid all the swimmers, body-surfers, boogie-boarders, and other non-surfers.  "Dude, " said Liam, walking up to Cory,  "What's with all the people? "  "It's that new road off Laguna, bro, " said Cory, reviewing footage of Liam's ride on his DSLR.  "Spot's blown, man. RIP. " Liam looked out across the beach. He was right. The spot was blown. The perfectly neglected tail end of Vasquez Beach had been ruined by the masses.  "Well, did you at least get that last one on tape? " asked Liam.  "I need more barrels for the reel. That's all the sponsors care about. " Cory laughed.  "Oh, you mean that old guy in an innertube totally dropping in on you? Yeah, bro, Don't worry. I got it all. " Liam punched him in the arm.  "It's not funny, Cory. This is my shot at a real sponsorship. I need more footage if I'm gonna stand out. Where else can we go? " Cory thought for a second, then grinned.  "I know a spot ... ". Next thing Liam knew, they were pulling up to a fence topped with barbed wire at the end of Calle Brando.  "This is the spot? " asked Liam, incredulously.  "Come on, " said Cory,  "There's a hole in here somewhere ... " They found the hole, climbed through the fence and walked down the trail past the brush. Soon, Liam found himself staring at the most perfect break he'd ever seen in his life. Wave after wave rolled in, each one more beautiful than the last. He was pissed.  "How the heck have you never told me about this spot? " he said, glaring at Cory.  "you're not a local, bro, " said Cory, feeling a little guilty.  "Am too, " Liam retorted.  "Nah, man, " said Cory,  "I mean, like, local local. It's like a code, you know? " Liam looked down at the sand. Sure, he was born in Seattle. But he'd moved to the bay when he was six. And he was easily the best surfer in town. Scouts for multiple surf brands had asked him to submit footage for potential sponsorship after a recent competition win. How could anybody--his best friend no less--still think he wasn't a local?  "I can't believe you held out on this secret spot until now, " said Liam.  "Dude, can you relax, " said Cory.  "I'm literally telling you about it now. Because I know this reel is important to you. " Liam softened.  "Thanks, " he said.  "Is this where the old pier used to be? "  "Yep, " said Cory, mischievously.  "Hurricane Bryce did a number on it. But some die-hards still surf it. I hear the busted pylons make the break pretty dope. " Liam smiled.  "Let's do it. " And that's exactly what he did. The first ride Liam caught was the best he'd ever had. He tore it up, his board moving across the water like a hockey puck on ice. It was pure, liquid heaven. And Cory was getting it all in high definition with his DSLR. Liam felt invincible. Like the only thing in the entire world that existed was him, his board, and the water that seemed to cradle him like a newborn infant. WHAM! Next thing Liam knew he was ten feet underwater, bleeding from his head. He didn't understand what had happened. Maybe an outside he hadn't seen? Suddenly, he saw something move between the forest of broken pylons nearby. It was long. And dark. And fast. He breached the surface.  "You good, dude? " Cory yelled from the shore. He flashed him the  "OK " sign. he'd wiped out before way worse than this. And he wasn't ready to call it a day on the greatest break he'd ever seen in his life. Sure enough, the next wave was even more beautiful than the last. A twenty-footer, at least. Riding big waves could feel like a battle sometimes. But this felt like sliding down a mountain of butter. He could hear Cory cheering on the shore as he got tubed, the water forming a cocoon around him. Eat your heart out, sponsors.  "OUT OF THE WAY! " Suddenly, a surfer on a long board sliced down the face of the wave, knocking him off his board. He went through the washing machine this time, cutting his arm on a busted pylon. He breached the surface and coughed up seawater.  "Dude, what happened? " Cory shouted from the shore.  "You were crushing it and then, like, you weren't. "  "Some guy dropped in on me! " Liam shouted.  "There's nobody here, dude, " said Cory. Liam looked around. Cory was right. There was no one for miles.  "I swear, there was this other guy ... a long boarder-- " but Cory cut him off.  "OUTSIDE! " Liam turned around and saw the wave. It was twice the size of the last one. he'd only surfed waves like this on the Big Island and never without a tow-in. He had to paddle up and over it fast or it would slam him down onto one of the deadly pylons lurking just below the surface. Wiping the blood out of his eyes, he raced up the approaching wave.  "Come on ... come on ... " he said under his breath, his arms working harder than they ever had before to propel him upwards towards safety. He crested the wave just in time, and slid down its back as it demolished the shoreline. He couldn't help but laugh. The absurdity of how close he'd come to losing that gamble every surfer makes. How close he'd come to dying.  "Did you get that, Cory? " He shouted towards the beach. But Cory wasn't there. Where was he? Liam started paddling in. Then he saw something bob to the surface in the frothy whitewater of the wave's wreckage--Cory's DSLR.  "Cory! " He shouted. Liam looked around, frantically searching for any sign of his friend. He jumped off his board and dove underwater. There! Liam could just make him out in the murky depths, clinging to a pylon. He swam down to help him. But he couldn't pull him to the surface. Then he realized what it was. Cory wasn't clinging to the pylon. He was stuck on it. Impaled straight through the gut. Liam was swimming in his blood. He screamed, bubbles erupting from his mouth. Suddenly, he remembered his own survival and shot to the surface, gasping for air.  "Help! " he shouted, knowing no one was there. Then he saw something. Someone on a long board. Heading towards him to catch a ride.  "Please, help! My friend ... there's been ... " but he was too tired. He couldn't get the words out. As the long boarder got closer, Liam saw that there was something off about him. There were holes in his wetsuit. Wait ... not just his wetsuit ... but his actual skin! Holes where his flesh appeared to have rotted away, the little that was left barely tethered to his bones. Holes through which water sloshed, and the sunset behind him glowed a malevolent red. He smiled horribly as he caught his ride.  "Locals ... only ... " he roared as he dropped in down the face of the wave, the nose of his board slicing through the water ... and straight through Liam's neck.",    In these historically stressful times, taking care of your mental health is more important than ever. But thankfully, during this uniquely stressful election week, you can give yourself a major serotonin boost simply by walking outside and looking up at the clouds, as there is currently a clown falling from the sky!. Fantastic! This is exactly what our anxious nation needs right now.. Indeed, if you step out into your yard right now and gaze upwards, chances are you'll see a clown plummeting towards the ground like a meteor of pure laughter, his painted face contorted into a fun-loving scream and his colorful jumpsuit billowing in the wind. What a treat it is to see this merry buffoon thrashing wildly in the thin air and amusing us with his wacky foolery, making us smile despite being mere moments away from a fatal splat on the rocky earth below. Such a cut-up! . If you're feeling overwhelmed by election anxiety, give yourself a nice, calming brain break and look up at the clown, who is now delighting us with even more silly antics, screaming and flapping his arms frantically like a bird even though he surely knows he cannot fly! It is impossible to feel anything but sheer, unbridled happiness as you watch this goofy red-nosed clown desperately yanking bright handkerchiefs out of his sleeve in futile hope of finding something that can save him. Try not to giggle as he pitifully attempts to use his baggy trouser legs as parachutes to slow his fall, causing his costume to inflate to comically round proportions so that his appearance is like that of an obese jester from the heavens! How absurd it is to see all the confetti and rubber chickens and other humorous clown jetsam flying off of his person as he continues to scream towards the unforgiving ground below at an unsurvivable velocity. Just wonderful!. It should be noted at this point that it is still unclear who the clown is or how he got into the sky. All we know is that he DID NOT jump out of an airplane, as confirmed by a preliminary FAA investigation. But perhaps it is better to not know. Perhaps an unexplained clown whimsically falling from space is just what our collective mental health needs right now--joyous chaos to offset the chaos of the pandemic and the election. All we know is that he fills our hearts with joy, and we can probably also safely assume that his body will produce a funny honking sound upon impact. . Little moments of everyday magic like these can go a long way towards keeping us sane!. There's no telling quite how much time is left before the clown hits the ground, but it's probably only a minute or two, so if you're worried about your emotional well-being, you should get out and look at the falling clown sooner rather than later. Once you see him, you will be grinning from ear to ear! Kudos to this mysterious clown for falling from the sky and making us all feel better--it's just what we needed to get us through these difficult times.,    Over the past few years, President Donald Trump has been able to emerge unscathed from countless damning scandals that would've ended the careers of pretty much any other elected official. But now, with the election just days away, it looks like he's finally been caught in an act so heinous and morally reprehensible that not even his most loyal supporters will be able to stomach it: A disturbing tape has surfaced of President Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women to Billy Bush.. Absolutely disgusting. There's simply no way that Trump can bounce back from this one.. The shocking recording, which, according to the tipster who sent it to us, was taken in 2005 while Trump was mic "d up for a television appearance, captures the president lewdly detailing his attempt to seduce . Access Hollywood . host Nancy O "Dell to her co-host Billy Bush:. "I moved on her, and I failed. I'll admit it. I did try and fuck her. She was married. And I moved on her very heavily. In fact, I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture. I said,  "I'll show you where they have some nice furniture. " I took her out furniture--I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn't get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look.". Yikes! That quote alone would likely be enough to sink his political career, yet, incredibly, Trump somehow manages to get even more crass as the conversation continues. While discussing actress Arianne Zucker, whom he and Bush were waiting to meet, Trump says one of the most disturbing things you'll ever hear: . "I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful--I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I Don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab  "em by the pussy. You can do anything.". Yep, that's right. This is a real quote from the current president of the United States of America where he is gleefully boasting about his strategy for using his fame to sexually overpower non-consenting women. It is beyond unconscionable, yet as appalling and shameful as it might be, some comfort can be taken in the fact that we live in a proud and principled democracy with plenty of checks and balances in place to make sure that vile, overt predators like President Trump are removed from power before they can do too much damage to our great nation. And considering the profound damage that America and its reputation would suffer under the continued leadership of an avowed sex offender, Republicans will unquestionably put country over party and coordinate with Democrats to evict Trump from the White House--if not out of good faith, then at the very least to preserve their own credibility as lawmakers. . Sadly, the quotes in this . Access Hollywood . tape shouldn't be too surprising coming from a man who has been credibly accused of sexual misconduct by over 25 women since the 1970s, but it is nonetheless deeply disturbing to hear the leader of the free world speaking so openly about violating women. Though Trump once famously claimed that he "could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody" without facing consequences, he's about to learn that he is not, in fact, invincible, as surely not even Trump's most ardent fans can listen to this vulgar recording and still believe he is fit to lead our nation. After hearing this recording, the only people who would continue to support Donald Trump would be the most spineless sycophants and ass-kissers imaginable, but thankfully all self-respecting Americans have more dignity than that.  . After all, no matter where you stand politically, there is no room for moral ambiguity when it comes to sexual assault, and we trust that there's not a single Republican who won't stand with Democrats in agreement that anyone who proudly admits to committing sexual violence against women should be disqualified from holding public office. Sure, they've been more than willing to stick with the president through some truly abhorrent behavior in the past, but at the end of the day, they're human beings with wives and daughters and other important women in their lives, and to continue supporting Trump at this point would essentially be like telling those women, . I do not respect you, and you exist only for the sexual gratification of men. . There are a lot of sleazy lawmakers in Washington, but it's comforting to know that there are none who would continue pledging their loyalty to someone who unabashedly and forcefully indulges his own sexual desires at the expense of his victims " very personhoods. . What's especially troubling about this . Access Hollywood . tape is that Trump . freely admitted . to his sex crimes while he knew he was being recorded--he wasn't trying to hide it. If he's willing to speak so cavalierly about something as monstrous as committing sexual assault, just imagine how horrible the stuff he's actually hiding. must be. It's a good thing this tape leaked just in time for the election. Could you imagine having to spend four whole years under the authority of a man who openly delights in violating women and wields his extraordinary power to strip the humanity of others? America could never recover from such an embarrassment, but thankfully we're a nation of principled citizens with deeply held values who would never tolerate, let alone empower, such a despicable leader.. Phew. We're really dodging a bullet here.. Now that America has heard Trump brazenly boasting about committing sex crimes, there's no way anyone can continue dismissing unflattering assessments of the man as "fake news". He has declared in his own words that he is the most despicable type of predator that one can be, and anyone who thinks he should serve a second term at this point is obviously either insane or devoid of empathy to a psychopathic degree. Not that we're saying such people actually exist--Americans aren't . that . crazy--but with all the chaos and misinformation in politics these past four years, we figure we might as well state the obvious just in case., Safety Fail: This  "Deaf Child " Sign Alerts Us To A Deaf Child's Existence But Does Not Explain What Anyone Is Supposed To Do About It. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Imagine "?. Oof, Probably Not The Best Idea In This Climate, Bud: This Man Tied His Mental Well-Being To His Financial Success, Physical Health, And Romantic Life. 5 Blenders We Tested For You While All Our Friends Were Out Having Fun Go-Karting. Going Too Far? President Trump Is Attacking Joe Biden's Son Jeb For Losing The 2016 Primary. Powerful: These Photos Of Frowning Bald Men Are A Sobering Reminder That Sometimes Bald Men Are Sad. Remember The Kid Who Played Beans On  "Even Stevens "? Come On, Please Baby, Try To Remember.       Big Bird is some kind of huge chicken who might have recently killed a person. He has to appear in court next week to stand trial for murder. Unfortunately, Big Bird has no idea how you're supposed to behave in court, and if left to his own devices he will cause lots of problems for himself. He needs some coaching. Can you teach Big Bird to act appropriately during his upcoming murder trial? Take this quiz to find out!,    When you're a teenager, embarrassing yourself at school can mean total social ruin, but this is the story of a kid who managed to turn a classroom faux pas into a total power move: after accidentally calling his teacher "Mom," this high school student got emancipated and had his teacher adopt him.. Badass! What an awesome way to save face after a potentially devastating mistake!. Ninth-grader Jordan Bentham of Boston, Massachusetts had one of the most humiliating moments of his high school career this week when he walked into class and accidentally said "Mom?" in an attempt to get chemistry teacher Ms. Ehrlich's attention. Everyone in the room instantly burst into laughter and jeers, asking Jordan if he was a baby who missed his mommy, and speculating that he probably needed an after-lunch diaper change. But rather than take their taunts sitting down, Jordan took action: he immediately left class to call a family court lawyer and file for legal emancipation from his mother and father, then obtained adoption papers for Ms. Ehrlich to sign. The next morning, after filing for bankruptcy due to his thousands of dollars in outstanding legal fees and saying a final goodbye to the biological mother and father he had lived with for fourteen years, he was able to show his bullies that he had only called his teacher mom because she . was . his mom in every legal sense.. Way to turn it around, Jordan! Sometimes you can't take back what you said, but you can always double down!. When an older kid pushed Jordan up against his locker yesterday and said "Looks like little Jordy need to go get kiss from his mommy Ms. Ehrlich," Jordan was able to confidently respond, "No, I Don't need a kiss from her, but she is my mother. There's nothing funny about calling your mother  "mom. "" No bully has yet found a response to that airtight argument, making Jordan completely untouchable by those who hope to torment him. In fact, since the adoption, Jordan has addressed Ms. Ehrlich as "mom" every day in class, regularly reminding his peers that it would be weird for him to call her anything else, given that she is his parent. "You wouldn't call your mom  "Ms., " would you?" he tells anyone who teases him, totally shutting down their attempt to make him feel bad about himself. . Seriously awesome!. Jordan's classmates probably thought he would never live it down when he called the science teacher "Mom," but since she is now his mom, he's got nothing to worry about. This kid took a rough situation and made it work for him, and we are seriously impressed. Way to double down, Jordan!,    Few authors are as prolific as Stephen King, who has written over 80 novels in his five decades as a writer, which makes this glimpse into his creative process all the more exciting: Stephen King just revealed that he's able to write so much because he doesn't really give a shit if it's dumb as all hell.. So cool. What a thrilling look into how the sausage gets made!. According to an interview with the author that was published earlier this week, the reason that Stephen King has been able to write dozens of novels is because it doesn't make a difference to him if the book he is writing is completely idiotic and doesn't make any sense whatsoever. King explained that pretty much anybody could be churning out thousand-page books all the time too if they also just write down whatever dumb-as-fuck shit about goblins, ghouls, and monsters pops into their head the way that he does.. "Writing nearly a hundred published novels is incredibly easy to do when you never once let yourself think stuff like,  "Isn't a book about a clown who lives in a sewer literally too stupid to write? "" said King. "Of course it's too stupid. Why would the clown even live in a sewer? How does he get down there? But if you just Don't give a damn about all that, you can write a lot, really, really fast.". "Seriously, even my most famous books are dumb as hell," continued King. ". Cujo.  is about what if a dog was crazy. . The Shining.  is about what if a hotel was crazy. . Misery.  is about what would happen if an old guy like me got kidnapped. What? Who would want to kidnap some dumb old fuck? And those are my best books -- there's a ton of others about mutant grandmas or possessed microwaves that are so stupid you wouldn't even believe it.". King concluded by saying that he wasn't sure what to tell anyone who wanted to write smart stuff, since that would probably take a lot more time, but he could say with confidence that writing something like "a man who is a high school teacher and a scary car at the same time" wouldn't take long at all, and that he would probably write up about 500 pages of that this afternoon.. Just awesome. It's so inspiring to hear such a master of writing reveal his secret. Here's hoping we see King's novel about the man who is also a car in bookstores sometime soon! According to him, he can crank the whole thing out in a couple of days!,    If you're a fan of reality television, then get excited, because one of the greatest TV moments ever just transpired on last night's episode of . The Masked Singer. : the show's host Nick Cannon removed the mask of a contestant and found his own head under the mask and screamed in horror as the audience cheered.. Incredible! Talk about must-see TV!. The amazing spectacle took place at the end of last night's episode of . The Masked Singer. , when the contestant "Rhinoceros" performed an underwhelming cover of "Waterfalls" by TLC. After the panel voted the contestant as the loser, Nick Cannon came over and ripped off Rhinoceros's mask and found himself staring into his own eyes. The unmasked Nick Cannon smiled as the first Nick Cannon started screaming in wide-eyed horror. The studio audience was absolutely loving it! Everyone in the crowd was on their feet cheering and clapping as Nick Cannon fell to his knees and screamed, "How can I be the Rhinoceros? What does it mean?" It was a perfect moment that any fan of . The Masked Singer.  will surely remember for the rest of their lives.. As Nick Cannon continued screaming and gesturing wordlessly at the identical version of himself, panelist Ken Jeong burst into tears and screamed at co-panelist Robin Thicke, "You promised me this would never happen!" Robin Thicke started vomiting and could not respond. Panelist Jenny McCarthy hid under her desk in the fetal position while Nicole Scherzinger shrieked, "Now there are three Nick Cannons!" before sprinting out of the studio through the emergency exit. . And if the moment wasn't already exciting enough, the Nick Cannon wearing the rhinoceros costume then leaned close to his weeping doppelganger and whispered, "Same person" before turning to the audience and shrieking, "What am I for? What is my meaning?" over and over again while the crowd continued to give an ecstatic standing ovation and high five one another. The original Nick Cannon, visibly on the brink of a mental breakdown, started shouting, "WHICH IS WHICH?" and the audience responded by chanting "WHICH IS WHICH? WHICH IS WHICH?" as loudly as they could. It was exactly the type of thrilling moment that we tune into . The Masked Singer.  to see!. Just perfect! If you were one of the people who got to watch this happen in real-time last night, you're incredibly lucky. This is hands down one of the greatest moments in the history of reality TV, and people are going to be talking about the time that Nick Cannon found his own head underneath one of the . Masked Singer . masks for years to come. ,    Proximity to power can be just as intoxicating as power itself, and one of the president's children just learned a hard lesson about what can happen if you let that proximity go to your head: Donald Trump Jr. introduced himself at a White House dinner as "Big Donald Trump Jr." and his father slapped him in the face.. Yikes. Looks like Don Jr. was taken to task in a major way after getting a bit too big for his britches!. The incident took place last night in the White House dining room at a function for around 100 members of the Trump Administration and foreign dignitaries. Donald Trump Jr. shook the hand of a member of Mike Pence's staff and said, "How's it going? My name's Big Donald Trump Jr." at which point his father, overhearing him, wound up and slapped him hard in the face before saying, "Shut up. You are regular-sized. Your name is Regular Donald Jr. or even Small Donald. Don't ever say that again." White House officials and members of President Trump's cabinet were seen nodding in approval and shaking the president's hand shortly after the incident.. Don Jr. must have been so embarrassed!. According to White House insiders, after getting slapped by his father, Don Jr. snuck around the dinner party quietly introducing himself by names such as "Huge Don Jr." and "Massive Donny Smalls," which prompted President Trump to chase his son around the room shouting, "Hey! Stop that! No! you're small!" and slapping him in the face every time he caught him. Following each slap, Don Jr. would scream, "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm nothing! I'm a worm!" before whispering, "I'm actually Humongous Don Jr.," to the nearest person to him once his father was out of earshot. One time he accidentally whispered that his name was "Galaxy-Sized Donald Trump Jr." to President Trump after President Trump had just slapped him, causing the president to immediately slap him again. Senator Lindsey Graham reportedly said, "Very impressive slap, Mr. President," after which President Trump spit into Mr. Graham's drink. Graham then reportedly said, "Thank you, sir" and walked away.. Those present at the event also say that later in the night, Don Jr. stood on his tip-toes and whispered, "Taller" very quietly to himself, and President Trump sprinted across the room and punched him in the stomach. Additionally, toward the end of the night, Don Jr. went into the bathroom and changed into a large inflatable sumo wrestler costume and started telling people he was a bodybuilder. President Trump responded by stabbing his son in the leg with a dinner fork. Don Jr. just didn't seem willing to learn his lesson that he is a regular-sized man!. President Trump addressed these multiple altercations with his son in a tweet earlier today, saying: "Yesterday I slapped my little son Donald Trump Jr. multiple times for claiming that his name was Big DONALD Trump Jr. He is REGULAR SIZED or even SMALL. NO REGRETS!!!" Trump Jr., however, has yet to publicly acknowledge the incident. . While the confrontation between the president and his son seems to be over for now, it looks like Don Jr. has learned a tough lesson about staying in his place. Here's hoping he stays humble and doesn't introduce himself as Big Donald Trump Jr. any time soon, or else the consequences might be even more dire!, 5 Confusing Terms For Penis My Dad Used While Incorrectly Explaining How Sex Works To Me. 5 Easy Ways To Turn A Regular Baby Into An Awesome Decorative Accent!. Heartbreaking: This Kid Is Being Bullied Because Her Family Is Only Subscribed To Peacock Premium With Ads Instead Of Its Ad-Free Premium Plus Plan. How Many Of These Classic Catchphrases Do You Know?. The Amazing Science Of Blankets: Researchers At MIT Have Determined That The Blanket Makes You Warm Because It Goes On Top Of You. They Just Have  "It ": 5 Camels With Star Potential. Preparing For The Worst: President Trump Has Asked For Ronald McDonald To Sing  "Sexual Healing " At His Funeral If He Dies Of Covid-19.   
    Drew Carey has been pretty down these past few months, so his best dudes have decided to put their heads together and figure out a way to get their man some tail for the first time ever. Can you help them piece together the perfect plan? Take the quiz to find out!,    In honor of the 20th anniversary of . Gilmore Girls. , we've decided to check and see what everyone's been up to since their days in Stars Hollow. Typically, posts like this do huge traffic, and we were hoping to take advantage of that by putting up a paywall. But unfortunately, we have no clue how to get that set up, so we're putting our faith in you guys to do what's right and mail us $3 if you read this article.. Since playing the iconic coffee-loving, fast-talking Lorelai Gilmore, Lauren Graham has authored three books and starred on the hit NBC show . Parenthood. . But remember, you can't read this list unless you plan on giving us $3. We Don't have a way to enforce this, so if you're not going to send us money, please respect our rules and click out of this page now. . Tech-wise, setting up a paywall is a real pain in the ass, and we'd rather not pony up the thousands of dollars it'd take to hire developers to do it for us. Those guys will really bilk you. But we nonetheless need to find a way to make money from the content we put out, so if you're enjoying reading this article and learning about how Alexis Bledel has kept a steady line of work following her days as everyone's favorite Yale student, including a recent stint on Hulu's award-winning show . The Handmaid's Tale. , then it'd be cool if you could throw us a few bones. We suggest a $3 donation, but by all means, please feel free to give us more.. Ideally, something like this would have appeared when you clicked on this article:. It'd be one of those really intense paywalls that doesn't even let you read articles in a private browser, leaving you with no option but to go in on a subscription. You bums wouldn't be able to mooch off of us any longer! But, alas, we truly have no clue how to get a paywall like that, and we're probably not smart enough to figure it out, so why not just send us money in the mail? That'll make things easier for everyone. . Oh, also: Since playing Rory's best friend, Keiko Agena has made a few guest appearances on shows like . Better Call Saul . and . 13 Reasons Why. . We are not sharing this information with you for free, by the way. You must give us money. . You might remember seeing Kelly Bishop during her recent stints on . The Good Wife.  and . Bunheads. , but for fans of . Gilmore Girls. , she "ll always be Rory's by-the-book grandmother who prioritized rule-following above all else. So you better do what Emily would've wanted and mail us money for this article! We know that snail mail isn't exactly the most efficient method of payment, and we wish we could at least post our Venmo handle for you to send money to, but we're worried that that might not be legal considering we've never seen any other websites put their Venmo handle in articles, and surely other sites would've done so by now if that was a lawful option. So snail mail it is. Sorry! . From her roles in the hit movies . Bridesmaids.  and . Ghostbusters. , to starring on her own sitcom . Mike & Molly. , it's safe to say that Melissa McCarthy totally blew up post-. GG. . Unlike Melissa's booming career, however, digital media is an industry that's crumbling before our very eyes, and a modest site like ours would be lucky to bring in even a tenth of the revenue that a Hollywood mega-star like McCarthy can generate in a given year. It won't be long before pretty much every website is forced to put their content behind a paywall to stay afloat, but since we have yet to take that leap (or even figure out . how . to take that leap), it'd be awesome if everyone could help us out in the meantime by kicking us a few bucks. And on a related note, if there happen to be any tech wizzes out there who are reading this and would like to help us set up a paywall pro bono, definitely hit us up!. Sadly, beloved . Gilmore Girls.  star Edward Hermann passed away in 2014. Not sure what your religion is, but just in case he's up in Heaven watching you read this and could one day have some sway on whether or not you get in, wouldn't you like to show him that you're a good person who doesn't just sit back and do nothing while beloved websites plunge so deep into the red that they can't survive? We're not 100 percent sure that that's how Heaven works, but on the likely chance that it is, you better play it safe and mail us $3 so that Ghoul Edward Hermann doesn't send your ass to Hell.. Alright, so in order to mail us your $3, please send the cash to our office at 1917 N Elston Ave, Chicago, IL 60642, and address the envelope to ClickHole. We are going to be closely monitoring how many page views this gets, and we will be making sure that the amount of money we bring in matches up. If it doesn't, we might just have to take this whole article down, and then you'll never know that Scott Patterson, the beloved coffee slinging owner of Luke's Diner, now runs his own coffee company. . Okay, this article is done now. Please log off the computer and go send us money. Thank you.,    If you want this super easy sheet pan chicken recipe that requires almost zero cleanup and is sure to leave your whole family happy, then you better be ready to fucking beg for it. We're not just gonna give you a dinner hack this good for nothing. . Not everyone has three hours to spend cooking dinner on a weeknight, and throwing together a simple sheet pan meal can be a total life saver. Luckily, we've got a perfect hands-off dinner solution that'll give you maximum flavor with minimal effort. But we want you to grovel for it. . Yep that's right. you're gonna have to debase yourself if you want us to share this incredible family dinner hack. So get on with it. Drop down to your hands and knees and repeat after us: "I am a pathetic bitch who wants an easy sheet pan meal that saves time without sacrificing taste." . Say it, motherfucker.. LOUDER.. That's right. You are a pathetic bitch, and the first thing you need to do to make this awesome, crowd-pleasing recipe is preheat the oven to 450 degrees and get out an 18x13-inch rimmed baking sheet. While the oven preheats, take two pounds of bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs and pat them dry. And as you're doing so, say "I am dirt and I Don't deserve this" over and over to yourself so you Don't forget. . Next, it's time to season the chicken. Salt and pepper are a given, but if you want to know which other herbs and spices you'll need, then you're gonna have to get back down on the ground and bark for us like a dog. Go ahead. Bark.. Good, yes. The first herb you'll need is rosemary. Got it? Now keep barking, you pitiful shit-stain. Bark!. That's it. What an obedient little mutt you are. The second herb you'll need is fresh sage. Be sure to wash the leaves!. Want to know the rest of the herbs? Then we're gonna need you to keep barking. And while you're at it, crawl outside and use the bathroom in your yard to prove that you're a good, well-trained pup who deserves quick and yummy dinner recipes.. We're waiting. This isn't optional.. There you go, good. Piss away. You are absolutely disgusting.. Once you're done pissing in the grass like the animal you are, grab some fresh thyme along with your other herbs and finely mince about a tablespoon of each. Then massage the seasonings into the chicken with olive oil. (Pro tip: mix a half teaspoon of turmeric into your spice blend to help your chicken develop a beautiful golden-brown color--although if you do this, be sure to remind yourself that you're a helpless, brainless fuck with no original kitchen ideas of your own).. By this point, it's clear how badly you want this amazing seasonal recipe that the entire family will enjoy. But how far are you willing to go for it? Are you willing to shimmy across the floor like a worm? A worm who wants a recipe that makes even the pickiest eaters happy?. Of course you are. Squirm, you wormy bitch! Writhe around on the ground where you belong. Call your children into the room so they can see what a miserable, wretched creature you truly are. Humiliate yourself before them so that they harbor no illusions about you being an adult who is worthy of their respect. . Once you've finished that, assemble two medium sweet potatoes, two apples, and one pound of Brussels sprouts. You'll then need to cube the potatoes, slice the apples, and halve the sprouts. Toss with two tablespoons of olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and--. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. Did we just see you fucking move? DID WE SAY YOU COULD FUCKING MOVE? STAY DOWN ON THE GODDAMN FLOOR!. God, you're really testing us, you know that? It's like you Don't even want a recipe with the perfect combination of sweet and savory that you can throw together in a pinch on busy weeknights. If you happen to have a cattle rod nearby, shock yourself to teach yourself a lesson. Bitch.. Now, if you want us to give you the rest of the recipe, then we're gonna need you to say, "I am nothing. I am no one. I am a leech upon society and a disgrace to my family name." Say it loud, and make sure your kids are around to hear it. . That's right, good. Debase yourself so that you may learn the secrets to this scrumptious autumn meal that takes less than an hour to make. It'll all be worth it once you see your ugly family licking their plates clean and marveling at how you--a braindead sad-sack who must beg on the internet for kitchen help--managed to scrape together a dish that doesn't taste like ass.. Now we're in the home stretch! Once you've burned away your last shreds of dignity, space apart the chicken and veggies on the baking sheet and bake for 30-35 minutes, flipping the chicken at the halfway mark. Once the chicken reaches a safe internal temperature, finish things off under the broiler for two to three minutes, or until the chicken skin is golden-brown and crispy. Remove from the oven and let the meat rest for 10 minutes. Then, sprinkle with fresh herbs, put everything in a dog bowl, and eat your dinner off the floor like a dutiful little mutt. It'll taste so much better than the trash you usually eat, but do not enjoy it--you Don't deserve any pleasure.. Pretty fucking tasty, right? Show us how grateful you are by thanking us in the comments, you undeserving fuck. Once you're done with that, get the fuck off our website and never talk to us again. You are nothing to us. ,    In recent years, Slack has rapidly established itself as the preeminent platform for workplace messaging, and it looks like it's only going to become more popular, as the company just announced plans to make the user experience better than ever before: Slack has unveiled a new feature where it'll shut off for 20 minutes a day so you can actually get some goddamn work done for once. . Awesome! This is going to help people get SO much more work done.. The company announced the new feature in a press release earlier today, revealing that users will now have the option to set their status to "ACTUALLY DOING WORK," which, once activated, will block users from accessing the platform for 20 whole minutes so that they can have a little time to knock some items off their to-do list without constantly being interrupted by messages from coworkers. The awesome feature will block all incoming notifications while it's in use, giving users a much-needed window of productivity that's totally free from the incessant chit-chat and . Parks And Recreation . GIFs that inundate group channels and make focusing on work virtually impossible.. For those who are worried that the feature might cause them to miss out on some hilarious workplace banter, fear not, because once you leave ACTUALLY DOING WORK mode, all the messages you missed while being productive will be presented to you with a series of incredibly loud dings so that you can then spend the next hour or so replying to all the threads and giving emojis reacts to posts to show your coworkers that you did, in fact, read their messages, and that you did indeed LOL. However, if 20 minutes is too long for you to go without this kind of stimulation, the feature also includes a methadone-like notification generator which, when clicked, will briefly populate your browser with a flurry of colorful internet stimuli to satisfy your brain's chemical dependence on inane bullshit and tide you over for the remainder of your 20-minute productivity period. . So cool! This is bound to be a total life-saver for the millions of Americans who really need to get some shit done but are hopelessly addicted to a largely pointless messaging platform that every business thinks they need to have for some reason. Kudos to Slack for totally rethinking the way we work!,
    President Donald Trump has proven that he has no shortage of nicknames for his political opponents, but earlier today, the former Vice President showed everyone that he wasn't just going to sit back and take it. After President Trump called Joe Biden "Sleepy Joe" in a tweet this morning, Joe Biden clapped back and said his nickname should be "Awesome Joe" because he is awesome.. Mic. F*cking. Drop. Looks like "Sleepy Joe" isn't so "sleepy" now, huh Mr. Trump?. Check out the immediately iconic Twitter exchange between President Trump and the 2020 Democratic nominee below:. We are on our feet and cheering right now. This is a clapback of seriously epic proportions! This could be the move that seals the 2020 election in Biden's favor and we are here for it.. But the former Senator wasn't ready to stop there. Biden's next incredible move was to post the following tweet where he tried to get a hashtag announcing his new nickname trending:. While it's only been a few hours since Biden first used the hashtag, it's already inspired several dozen of his supporters to use it, too!. President Trump has yet to respond to this devastating clapback from the Biden campaign, which just goes to show that Awesome Joe (we get chills just saying it!) is not to be messed with. It's safe to say that when you come for Joe Biden, expect to get hit back!,    Remember the kid who played Beans on . Even Stevens. ? You'll never guess what he looks like now! You remember Beans, Don't you? The silly neighbor on . Even Stevens. ? Come on, please, baby, try to remember. . Think, baby. . Beans. .. When you see Beans all grown up, it will absolutely shock you, but before you can see what he looks like now, you need to remember who he is. It's been so long since you last saw him on . Even Stevens. , but he's in there. Please, baby, just give it a try. Think back. Don't give up.. Here, look at this picture of Beans from when he was on the show. Maybe this will help.. Back then, he was so young and wiry, and some might even say ...a bit funny looking. Doesn't this photo ring any bells? Come on, baby. He was your favorite character. He would always walk into the Stevens " home uninvited, and your face would light up whenever he came on screen.. But he doesn't look anything like this now. He looks so much older. He looks so much different, you won't even believe it. But first, baby, you need to remember Beans. . Please, baby ...why can't you remember Beans?. You know what? Close your eyes and just listen. Does that sound make you think of anyone?  It's an armpit fart sound, baby. The sound of Beans! The sound he made to win the Little Mr. Stockton Pageant in your favorite episode! Don't you remember spending hours on the couch watching the Disney Channel and laughing at Beans?. Come on, baby. If you Don't remember Beans, then it won't even matter to you that he did a total transformation since you last saw him. Please, baby. Dig deep and remember him. . Please. .. Still nothing, baby? Never mind. It's okay. The doctor will come by any second now to see how you're doing. Maybe you'll remember Beans after some rest, and then you can finally see what he looks like now. It will absolutely blow your mind. You just need to remember ..., Pointless Drivel: This Book Seems To Imply That You Need To Say Goodnight To The Moon. A Return To Normalcy: This P.E. Teacher Has Emailed All Of His Students A Picture Of His Buttcrack Because If This Were A Normal School Year They Would've Seen It By Now. Tough But Fair: The American Psychiatric Association Has Announced That Some Of You Could Stand To Re-Stigmatize Your Depression. The Perils Of Climate Change: Scientists Have Predicted That The Shrub Concealing This Man's Genitals Will Be Destroyed In A Wildfire By 2050. Fitness Nut To The End: Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Headstone Says Nothing But  "GYM RAT " On It. Improving Law Enforcement: The NYPD Is Euthanizing All Of Its Police Horses After Remembering About Cars. Your Neighbor Ate Your Bird. Time To Get Revenge..       After making aggressive remarks about Former Vice President Joe Biden's sons during the first presidential debate, President Donald Trump just proved that he's not about to lay off the personal matters anytime soon: President Trump is now attacking Joe Biden's son Jeb for losing the 2016 primary.. Wow. President Trump isn't one to avoid an ad-hominem attack, but these comments have some pundits wondering if he's gone too far. . During this morning's press briefing, President Trump continued his attacks on his opposing candidate by stating that he easily crushed Joe Biden's son during the Republican presidential primary in 2016, because "Jeb ran an awful, uninspired campaign, just like his father's doing now.". "Biden's done a terrible job raising his sons, from Hunter, who set the record for the most amount of crack snorted in the military, to Jeb, who dropped out of the Republican primary early in 2016 because he couldn't even bear to stay in the fight and try to take on my amazing MAGA campaign," said President Trump. "If Biden had raised him right, Low Energy Jeb would be your president. But Jeb Biden and his little exclamation point lost sourly to me. He was absolutely pathetic, just pathetic, begging his audiences to  "please clap. " That's the kind of pathetic wimpiness that runs in the Biden family, and Joe definitely passed that wimpiness down to Jeb on the day he was born!". Reporters at the White House have confirmed that President Trump concluded his attack on Biden's family by adding that if all of the Bidens weren't such losers, then they would all be the president right now.. Former Vice President Biden has yet to respond to Trump's comments, but it's safe to say that as the election draws to a close, no topic is off the table for President Trump, not even the sensitive issue of Jeb Biden's disastrous 2016 presidential campaign. While pundits confirm that Trump's remarks on Jeb Biden are playing favorably with his supporters, time will tell how these attacks against Joe Biden's middle son Jeb will truly affect his campaign.,    Michael Jordan. Jeff Bezos. The Blue Man Group. If there's one thing all the world's biggest heroes have in common, it's that they're bald. But while it might seem like their lives are perfect, the truth is that, deep down, many bald men have feelings just like you and me. And sometimes they even feel sad. Here are some sobering photos of bald men frowning to remind us that ALL of us struggle from time to time--even guys with no hair.  . Wow. This bald guy looks really sad. If you thought that all bald guys walk around with ear-to-ear smiles on their faces 24/7, think again. They, too, frown.. This frowning bald guy proves that just because the top of your head looks like an awesome penis tip doesn't mean you're always happy. Bald guys are capable of experiencing the full spectrum of human emotion, including sad emotions.. This bald man is frowning because his grandson just exploded while sitting on his lap. Next time you encounter a bald guy, remember that you really have no idea what kinds of hardships they might be facing or if their grandchildren are still fully intact. There's more to people than what meets the eye.. Sure, this bald guy saves millions of dollars a year in shampoo costs, but money isn't everything. If it was, he'd be smiling. . The reality is that being bald isn't all glitz and glamor like Ron Howard would make it seem. Sometimes the sun reflects off your scalp and causes commercial airplanes to crash, killing hundreds. Sometimes you inherit a priceless ivory comb but have to flush it down the toilet because you Don't have anything to comb. Sometimes your brain melts because there's no hair to protect it from fire. We all have our battles.. This guy is not only bald, but he's also an oaf. We get so caught up in our busy go-go lives that we often fail to notice these things, yet if you open your eyes you'll see that people are hurting all around us. Even bald people.. This bald guy is frowning because he can't go to outer space. Absolutely heartbreaking. . It might be hard to see these images of frowning bald men, but it's important not to look away. We can't ignore the suffering around us. We must try to understand these men's unique struggles, such as the shame of having their weird head-skin folds on full display at all times or the embarrassment of not being able to join their friends in braiding one another's pony tails in the park. Until we put ourselves in their shoes, we cannot truly empathize. . Haunting. We can intuit that this bald man is sad because 1) his mouth is bent into a frown and 2) he is about to do a suicide, which is an activity commonly associated with sadness. The signs are there if you look. But it's up to all of us to open our eyes.  ,    Ever since President Trump announced his Covid-19 diagnosis late last week, he has publicly maintained an optimistic attitude about the prospect of making a full recovery. But according to inside sources, the president is privately deeply concerned and is even making preparations for if the worst should happen: President Trump has reportedly requested that Ronald McDonald sing "Sexual Healing" at his funeral should he die of Covid-19. . Wow. It seems like Trump is much more worried about his health than he's letting on. . According to top-level White House aides speaking on the condition of anonymity, President Trump amended his last will and testament earlier today to reflect his wish that, in the event of his death, Ronald McDonald sing the Marvin Gaye classic "Sexual Healing" in front of the casket at his funeral. Trump also reportedly specified that the song be performed with a karaoke machine so that there's no live band onstage to distract from the beautiful spectacle of Ronald McDonald serenading the commander-in-chief's corpse. . "I can confirm that the president has asked the executor of his estate to arrange for  "the hamburger clown' to sing  "the pornography song " at his memorial service," said a source familiar with the matter. "Mr. Trump says he has great respect for Ronald McDonald because of all he has accomplished, and he can think of no better individual to comfort grieving Americans with a moving rendition of this very erotic song.". White House sources also revealed that, while detailing his request, a big smile spread across the president's face as he fantasized about lying peacefully in his coffin to the tune of Ronald McDonald crooning the words, "Sexual healing is good for me. Makes me feel so fine, it's such a rush. Helps to relieve the mind, and it's good for us," in his nasally tenor. The sources added that Trump demanded that Ronald McDonald sing "Sexual Healing" two separate times at his funeral: once "standing still like a normal clown" at the beginning of the service, and a second time later in the service where he should "sadly thrust his hips" to capture the song's sexy energy. . Wow! Sounds like it will be a memorial service for the ages.. While there is still a great deal that is unknown about Trump's battle with Covid-19, it's clear from these reports that the situation is more serious than he's making it out to be. But if there's one thing we do know for sure, it's that should the president ultimately succumb to this disease, the nation will get to witness a truly breathtaking rendition of "Sexual Healing" performed by one of the world's most respected clowns, and chances are there won't be a dry eye in the house!,
    Bullying is a tragic epidemic affecting millions of kids per year, and this most recent example of a child being mercilessly tormented by her peers shows just how devastating it can be. : this kid is being bullied because her family is only subscribed to Peacock Premium with ads instead of its ad-free Premium Plus plan.. Just heartbreaking. . When 13-year-old Lila Madario returned to school this year, she couldn't wait to talk to her friends about all of the incredible shows and movies she'd been watching on Peacock, the new streaming service from NBC that debuted over the summer. Tragically, though, when she made a joke about all the ads she'd had to sit through while binge watching . Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist. , her friends realized that Lila merely had the $4.99 Peacock Premium subscription, rather than the $9.99 Peacock Premium Plus (Ad-Free) plan, and they erupted into laughter as they mockingly asked how she even managed to get through one episode with all the ad breaks, let alone the whole season. Word that Lila only had a Peacock Premium membership spread quickly around the school, and as she walked through the halls later that day, she could hear students calling her a "commercial-watching loser" under their breath.. Since then, Lila has been on the receiving end of some relentless bullying by her peers. When Lila tried to join in on a conversation about the season 3 premiere of . AP Bio. , her classmate interrupted her and said, "You know, the scene where some lady was using a Swiffer for 30 seconds wasn't part of the episode. That was an ad, Lila." In another incident, Lila asked her friends if they wanted to come to a sleepover at her house and watch a rom-com like they did on most weekends, but one replied, "And watch the same commercial two million times during . He's Just Not That Into You. ? Yeah, right.". Good God. This is just so sad to see. No one should be treated cruelly just because their family has the cheaper Peacock plan with ads.. Lila has tried to defend herself by reminding her classmates that not only does the Peacock Premium plan with ads plan have way more TV shows and movies than the Peacock Free option, but it also has the same 10,000 hours of content and early access to late-night shows as Peacock Premium Plus. Unfortunately, though, her efforts haven't made any difference: just last week, her friends stopped letting her sit with them at lunch because they said their table was for "Peacock Premium Plus members" only. The next day, while Lila was sitting alone in the cafeteria, the student she's had a crush on for years sat down next to her and asked if she'd seen the Gatorade commercial that shows up on Peacock, and when she said yes, he laughed in her face and said he'd never actually be the kind of poor loser who has to see an ad every seven minutes while watching . Parks and Rec.. Since the bullying started, Lila has been begging her parents to upgrade to Peacock Premium Plus, but her parents, already set back financially by the monthly payments for Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, HBOMax, CBS All Access, and Apple TV+, have refused to change the plan. Lila even asked if it could be considered an early birthday gift, but her parents reminded her that she used that reasoning to get a month's worth of $7.99 ad-free Quibi back in June to binge . Chrissy's Court. .. This is all so tragic. Everyone should be treated equally, regardless of what Peacock plan their family has. Here's hoping that Lila's peers come around and stop treating her like an outcast for only having Peacock Premium sometime soon, and may we all one day live in a world where ugly bullying like this no longer exists!,    We're all for obeying traffic laws to keep everyone safe on the roads, but the road sign we just came across is honestly providing us with way more questions than it is answers: this "deaf child" sign alerts us to a deaf child's existence but does not explain what anyone is supposed to do about it.. Is the deaf child like ...around? And is that going to be an issue? What the fuck is going on here? . Seriously, we're pretty fucking lost as to what the hell is going on on this otherwise totally regular neighborhood street. Other than the two cryptic words "Deaf Child," the sign is not giving us any helpful info, like where the child is, or what it looks like, or if it's planning on darting into the road or something like that. FYI, if we were driving down this road at 20 miles an hour, we would probably not be able to tell whether any kid we saw walking down the sidewalk was deaf or hearing or what. The sign provides absolutely no help in this regard.. And by the way, if a child did dart into the road, our plan isn't to honk the horn, wait for him to hear us, and if he doesn't, just go ahead and mow him down. Deaf or not deaf, we're gonna stop the car -- so if that's what the sign is trying to tell us to do, we already had that covered.. Is the sign just supposed to be a big, ominous announcement that a deaf child is looming somewhere nearby? Should we be . afraid . of this mythical deaf child? Or does he need something from us? We're pretty sure that deaf people generally lead happy, fulfilling lives, so we weren't planning on, like, hopping out of the car to help this kid with anything. Anyways, isn't he probably inside or in his backyard doing normal kid stuff? Not walking down the middle of the street?. All we see are a few squirrels. No deaf child. What's supposed to go down right now?. The only thing we can think to say at this point is congrats to one of the families on this street on having a deaf child. Maybe that's what they want -- for people to come up to them and tell them, "congratulations on having a deaf child?" And so maybe that's why they put up the sign announcing it? Listen, that's fine, but seriously, let us know in clearer terms. We're trying to drive over here and we Don't have time to puzzle out any baffling road signs.. No matter which way we try to look at it, this sign is beyond bewildering. It would help if it said "Deaf Child Crosses Street Here At 2 p.m.," or "Deaf Child (Don't Worry About It)" or something of that nature. But for now it's just confusing, and it's probably making our driving worse than it otherwise would have been. God damn it! This sign is a safety fail on every level!, LEAKED: The List Of Dependents On President Trump's Tax Returns Makes It Clear That He Has Absolutely No Idea What Anyone In His Family Is Named. The Saga Continues: JK Rowling Has Revealed That Ron Weasley Became Patient Zero For Coronavirus After Messing Up A Spell Where He Tried To Turn A Bat Into A Larger Bat He Could Have Sex With. Good News: The CDC Says Watching A High School Football Practice Alone In The Bleachers While Looking Sullen And Staring Longingly At The Quarterback Who Doesn't Even Notice You Because You Wear Glasses And Have Never Spoken To Anyone At School Except Your Gay Best Friend Is A  "Low Risk " Activity For COVID-19. 4 Ways To Gently Explain To Your Kids That Grandma Threw Herself Into The Lion Habitat At The Zoo And Moaned With Pleasure As They Tore At Her Flesh. Can You Help Keith Urban Write A Song About The Beach Tailgate Party He Was At When He Found Out Steve Jobs Died?. A Career Cut Short: Bryce Harper Has Quit Baseball Because He Says One Of The Cardboard Cutout Fans Called Him A  "Fat Boy ". Education FTW: 5 Creative Ways Teachers Can Still Punish Misbehaving Children During Remote Learning.       In recent years, there has been a widespread surge in efforts to destigmatize mental illness, with many people bravely coming forward to publicly discuss their battles with depression. But as our society continues to grapple with its perception of mental illness, the American Psychiatric Association has come forward to caution that there are some people who could really stand to re-stigmatize their depression.. Ouch. While the destigmatization of depression is generally an amazing thing, this ultimately seems like a fair assessment by the APA for a select few.. The APA announced their new position in a statement this morning, explaining that some people's outspokenness about their depression is "getting to be a bit much," and adding that it will never be possible to fully normalize mental illness if people are being super obnoxious about it.  . "Your depression doesn't have to be your entire identity," said the APA in the statement. "Stop putting it as your Twitter bios as if it's your only personality trait. You Don't have to start every conversation with a stranger by telling them about your messed-up brain chemistry. It's not like suffering from clinical depression is a rare or special thing. Like, pretty much everyone we know is depressed. So maybe just cool it with things like commenting,  "Wow, wish I wasn't depressed, must be nice " on every positive Facebook post you see. That's not a  "healthy conversation, " that's some weird manipulative nonsense. you're not helping yourself or others.". "If you are someone who has simply become more comfortable discussing their depression openly but isn't exactly going nuts talking about it, feel free to ignore what we're saying here and carry on, because that's completely healthy," the statement continued. "But if you're attempting to manipulate everyone around you by turning your mental illness into the only thing anyone around you is allowed to talk about, it's probably time for you to dial things back a notch.". Damn. . While this is undeniably an intense take from the APA, it's tough to really disagree with it. Yes, life is hard, but you Don't need to constantly be reminding people of that. Kudos to the ADA for not mincing words about this difficult topic and reminding people that it's possible to talk openly and constructively about mental health without making it your entire deal.,    If you have an extra baby just sitting around in your home, you might not realize it, but you're already halfway to a refined, eye-catching DIY decor project! Here are six easy ways to turn a regular baby into an awesome decorative accent.. Babies have a great natural puffiness that makes them perfect for use as a pillow. If your baby is always sitting around in a high chair adding absolutely no design value to your home, throw him in a winter coat with a color scheme that matches your living room and then arrange him atop the couch so that guests can prop themselves up against him and relax. This will lend lovely visual texture and style to the room, all while making use of an infant you already own for free!. Any baby you have lying around can make a great centerpiece vase if you have her hold some flowers from outside. Give the baby some brandy to mellow her out so she won't squirm around, then fill her tiny arms with flowers and set her out before a dinner party to bring a festive pop of color to your table setting. As an added bonus, your guests can wave at her and enjoy her periodic shrieks. It's a clever and stylish way to make use of an otherwise useless baby.. A tastefully decorated front door can do a lot to make a home feel more inviting. If you're planning on having guests over, try to find a nice-looking baby and hang it on your front door by its onesie. That way, people will have no trouble finding your house, since you can specify in the invitation that it's the one with the baby writhing around and yelling "MILK!" at everyone who passes by. You can also deck the baby out in seasonal flair such as a hat with autumn leaves glued to it or a tiny summery snorkel to truly capture the spirit of the occasion. . Gourds, candles, coffee table books--arranging small, tasteful objects throughout your living room is a smart way to add visual texture to your color scheme. This design hack requires a few babies, but it's worth it, and it's easy to pick up some extras on the street or at playgrounds if you keep an eye out. Simply gather five to six babies, tie them together with an attractive piece of raffia, and voila! The cooing mass of infants will make your living room Insta-worthy in no time. (Pro tip: It may be worth lighting a sage bundle in the same general vicinity to help mask the concentrated fecal stench of six diapered mammals freely expressing their bowels.)  . Some say clocks are outdated, but this classic wall accent will never go out of style. If you surround your baby with a bunch of cut-out numbers and teach her to point at them and scream at the appropriate hours, you'll have a clock that will be the envy of all your friends! A lot of times, a baby can be a visual black hole in your home, or even an eyesore, but no longer. Transform yours into a beautiful clock today!, Man, Just Look It Up Later: This Guy Is Shazaming The Church Choir's Rendition Of  "Amazing Grace " In The Middle Of His Grandmother's Funeral. Troubling Sign: A New Report Has Found That Millennials Are The First Generation To Make Fewer Disgusting Cottage Cheese-Based Meals Than Their Parents. Possibly Illegal: This Baby Is Being Pushed In A Stroller By A Different Baby. Growing As An Artist: Richard Lewis Has Announced He Would Like To Be The Next Comedian To Make A Mediocre Dramedy Where He Has Weird, Grunting Sex In The First 5 Minutes. Total Chaos: Three Of The Seven Toothbrushes In This Bathroom Toothbrush Holder Are An Absolute Mystery To Everyone In The Family. Feeling Down? Use The Sliders To Receive A Compliment From Malala Yousafzai!. 5 Times Queen Elizabeth Proved All The Haters Wrong By Doing A Tiny Bit Better Than People Thought She Would In A Boxing Match With A Kangaroo.       Now more than ever, Americans are looking to law enforcement officers to make positive, forward-thinking changes in how they do things, and here's an encouraging story of one police department that's doing just that: The NYPD just announced that they are euthanizing all of their police horses after remembering about cars.. In a press conference earlier today, the NYPD revealed that they have begun the process of decommissioning and slaughtering their fleet of police horses, saying that it recently occurred to them that the costly, high-maintenance animals could be entirely replaced by cars, which are widely available, have predictable temperaments, and are all-around superior to horses in virtually every regard. The department explained that cars are far better equipped to perform in dense traffic and dizzying exhaust fumes than horses, which are easily startled by loud noises and can only achieve a pitiful max speed of around 30 MPH, leaving them woefully ill-equipped to navigate the city's busy streets in pursuit of crime.. "Horses Don't have seatbelts, they Don't have sirens or a horn you can honk, and you can't even take them on the highway--it just no longer makes sense to keep committing so much time and effort to maintaining these animals when cars are so much better than them in every single way," said New York City Police Commissioner Dermot Shea, adding that you also Don't have to feed cars half their body weight in oats each day or collect their feces with a shovel, which is appealing. "The fact that there's a unit of measurement called  "horsepower " that gauges how many hundreds of times stronger a car is than a horse makes us pretty confident we're making the right decision here.". "Rarely in the line of duty does an officer encounter a situation where it'd be useful to have a horse--it's not like first responders were calling dispatch on 9/11 to send in horse backup," he continued. "Cars, on the other hand ...cars are just fantastic." . Shea went on to say that a designated NYPD task force has been slaughtering the horses with a penetrative bolt gun and then selling them off to a rendering plant, where their bodies are being broken down into crude materials for industrial manufacturing, thereby contributing much more to the world than they would've had they remained cops and alive. Additionally, it was noted that killing off the horses will save the department millions of dollars a year, money that will then be reallocated to purchase more police cars and more sirens for the police cars they already have. . This is a seriously major move from the NYPD, and while there are certainly more urgent things they could've focused on reforming first, you can't deny that this was a good call. After all, it's hard to feel safe when those who've been entrusted with protecting the general public are large animals who have literally no fucking clue that that's their job. There is simply no place for a horse on a modern police force, and here's hoping that police departments in other cities will soon realize this and follow the NYPD's lead by slaughtering their horses as well.,    My dad has given me the sex talk dozens of times. He never does a good job. He uses bizarre words and phrases I have never heard before, and he usually does not describe sex accurately. Here are five confusing terms for penis that my dad used while incorrectly explaining to me how sex works.. When I was eight years old, my dad gave me the sex talk for the first time. He came into my room, sat down next to me on my bed and said, "Sex is when two people make a mess together while they are naked. The person you have sex with is called your Brother In Sex. Your Brother In Sex can be a man or a woman, but they always have to be taller than you or else it doesn't count as sex. Sex with someone who isn't taller than you isn't sex. It's just a loud, wet hug. Now, as far as genitals go, some people have vaginas, but you, my boy, have a Witch's Broomstick. When you are filled with sexual hunger, your Witch's Broomstick will become long. It is called a Witch's Broomstick because once it becomes long, a small rat will come out of a hole in the wall and he "ll ride around on it like a witch riding on a broomstick. You need to run around the room balancing the rat on your Witch's Broomstick while your Brother In Sex gets naked and yells,  "Oh, no! A witch! " This goes on for about an hour, and then you flush the rat down the toilet. Then the sex is done and a baby crawls out of the darkness and becomes your daughter. This is how sex works, and it's beautiful." After explaining all this, my dad shook my hand and went outside to water the plants in the yard for the entire night.. The next time my dad gave me the sex talk, I was nine years old. It was four in the morning and I was asleep in my room when all of a sudden I heard a noise. I looked down and my dad was slithering out from under my bed. I said, "Dad, what are you doing here?" and he said, "Be quiet. Sex is when two people go in and out. Your sexual organ is called The Arm Which Is Not Your Own. You cannot control The Arm Which Is Not Your Own. It is a part of your body that belongs to God and not to you. Anyway, when it's time for sex, The Arm Which Is Not Your Own will become long and point at things. It will point at rocks and slugs and books and shoes and furniture and so on. Whatever it points at, your Brother In Sex must use a label maker to clearly label what that thing. Once The Arm Which Is Not Your Own is done pointing at things it will go back to sleep. Then the sex is over and someone far away will become pregnant and give birth to your replacement. This is how sex is accomplished, and it's fine. A 5-out-of-10 experience. Goodnight." Then my dad slithered back under my bed and went to sleep.. I thought after giving me the sex talk twice in two years my dad would be done, but I was mistaken. When I was 15 years old, I got into a car to take my driving test and instead of my instructor I found my dad seated in the passenger seat. "If you're going to learn to drive, then I need to tell you about sex," said my dad. "Sex is when two people fight each other with their groins. My son, between your legs, you have something disgusting and wonderful called Your Drooping Majesty. You must use your Drooping Majesty to have sex. Your Drooping Majesty is only good when it is limp and flops around like a sock. When you become insane with sexual lunacy, your Drooping Majesty becomes stiff and boring, and so you and your Brother In Sex need to hit it with a rake until it falls back asleep. Once your Drooping Majesty is limp and flopping around in a healthy manner, that is when you must swing it back and forth in order to hypnotize yourself. Once you are done hypnotizing yourself, you will fall asleep and your Brother In Sex will spend the rest of the night downloading viruses onto your computer. This is how sex works, and it's beautiful. At the end of sex, a baby crawls out of the cave and becomes your nephew." Then my dad pushed me out of the car, got into the driver seat, and drove the car into the forest.. After getting the sex talk three times, I figured I would never have to go through it again, but apparently my dad operates under the impression that it's his duty as a parent to give me the sex talk as often as possible. During my high school graduation, my dad took me aside and said, " Son, it's time to tell you about the birds and the bees. When you have sex, you are going to be attacked by swarms of birds and bees. Fortunately for you, right between your legs you have a tool called The Exterminator, which is like a fleshy whip that you must use to swat away the birds and bees that are attacking you. Sex is when your Brother In Sex screams and screams while you use your Exterminator to kill these animals. When all the birds and bees have been swatted away, then the sex is over, and your grandmother will become pregnant with me. Then I will be born and I will be ready to be your father." My dad patted me on the back and then spent the rest of the graduation ceremony asking kids from my class if he could have their diploma.. When I was 29, I got married. During the reception, my father clinked a spoon against his champagne glass to get everyone's attention, and once everyone had quieted down he turned to me and said, "Son, it's time that you and I had a frank talk about sex. Sex is when two people make naked pretzels with each other's bodies. And son, between your legs you have the key to having sex: The Long Nose That Must Be Kept Hidden. It is a special nose that dangles down from your groin and it loves to smell flowers and garbage. But you must always wear your loincloth in order to conceal the Long Nose between your legs. If you let people see your secret Long Nose, you will be exiled to the tundra. The Long Nose That Must Be Kept Hidden can only be seen by your Brother In Sex, and tonight, your Brother In Sex will probably be your wife. You will allow her to see the secret nose that lives beneath. When the Long Nose That Must Be Kept Hidden smells that sex is about to happen, it will become long and stiff, which sex doctors call Going Pinnochio. Once your sexual nose Goes Pinocchio, you must use it to bang on a gong over and over again. While you are banging the gong, your wife should get naked and go to sleep. The sound of the gong ringing will cause news reporters from all over the country to run into your bedroom, where they will see your Long Nose That Must Be Kept Hidden. They will photograph it and write front page stories about how they saw the secret nose of your groin. Since it is illegal for anyone to see this thing, you will be carted off to the tundra while your wife is free to get married to a professional baseball player. That is sex. Sex is when you ring a gong and go to the tundra. As a result of the sex, a baby will come flying out of a hole in the ground, and that baby will pull your dogsled across the tundra. Okay, enjoy the rest of your wedding." Then my dad told my grandparents that they should get divorced, and then he spent the rest of the night begging the DJ to play the Soviet Union national anthem.,    It seems as if every day we learn of a new environmental catastrophe caused by man-made climate change, and unfortunately it looks like things are only going to get worse: Scientists have predicted that by 2050, the shrub concealing this man's genitals will be destroyed in wildfires caused by global warming.. Terrifying. This should be a serious wakeup call for anyone who isn't yet taking climate change seriously. . For years, the nude man has been standing outside smiling with his hands on his hips, and the only thing preventing the world from seeing his genitals has been the waist-high shrub he's been standing behind. Unfortunately, researchers now say that unless drastic and immediate efforts are taken to slow or reverse the effects of climate change, increased instances of wildfires will almost certainly lead to the bush being destroyed, thus exposing everyone to an unobstructed view of the man's penis and testicles.. "Unfortunately, with the damage that's already been inflicted on the environment, there's not much we can do at this point to prevent the destruction of the shrub blocking this man's normal-sized penis as well as his testicles, which are the penis's two wives," said U.C. Berkeley climatologist Dr. Phillip Gladstone. "While many of us will have died by the time wildfires destroy the bush, our children and grandchildren will still be here, and they will suffer the consequences of seeing this man's regular ding-dong flapping in the breeze like a windsock. It will be devastating. The man's penis is neither big nor small. It's right in the middle. Thank you.". As if this news weren't dire enough, many scientists are also predicting that climate change will lead to other kinds of extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, which will cause the nude man's penis to flap about wildly in the wind and potentially hypnotize people who stare at it for too long. Researchers have also warned that once the shrub is destroyed, it will be impossible to ignore the nude man, because every few hours he lets out a blood-curdling scream for no reason, and everyone always turns to look at him. Even when he is screaming he never stops smiling.. This should serve as a chilling reminder of the very real impact climate change will have on all of our lives. For years we've taken for granted that the shrub blocking the nude man's penis would always be there, but that was foolish and ignorant. When a wildfire burns down the shrub and we can all see the nude man's penis and he's screaming and smiling and we're looking at his normal-sized penis flapping in the wind, we "ll wonder why we never tried to prevent it while we still could. ,    When Ruth Bader Ginsburg passed away earlier this month, the United States lost a true pioneer and titan of the judicial system. There are many memorable things that Justice Ginsburg achieved in her lifetime, but the inscription on her headstone will commemorate the one that the deceased judge valued the most: Ginsburg's headstone says nothing but "GYM RAT" on it.. This is deeply moving. Even in death, her commitment to fitness remains.. The headstone, which was unveiled in a private ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery yesterday afternoon, does not include standard details such as Ginsburg's name, birth date, or death date. Instead, it just says "GYM RAT" with no additional information. For years we have seen photographs and video footage of Ginsburg hitting the gym and lifting weights, and now her famous dedication to working out and building muscle will be the enduring legacy of this incredible woman. . "More than a lawyer and more than a judge, Ruth was a gym rat, a muscular zealot who worshipped at the altar of the Iron Church of Fitness," said Ginsburg's family in a statement. "One hundred years from now, when future generations of little girls see this headstone, they will say,  "I have no idea who is buried here, but they must have lifted weights constantly. " We can think of no message more fitting to be inscribed upon our beloved Ruth's headstone.". Absolutely beautiful! . Although RBG's name and legal achievements may one day be forgotten, her strict regimen of weightlifting, push-ups, and sit-ups will live eternally in the hearts and minds of all Americans. May she always be remembered as exactly what she was: a gym rat in life and in death.,    With no end in sight for the current COVID-19 pandemic and much of life still upended for young people who cannot yet return to in-person school, glimpses of normalcy can be incredibly comforting. Case in point: This P.E. teacher has emailed all of his students a picture of his buttcrack because if this were a normal school year they would've seen it by now.. Awesome! This will definitely provide a much needed return to routine for students during such a hectic time.. Although North Penn High School in Lansdale, PA is doing remote learning for the beginning of the 2020-2021 school year, 52-year-old P.E. teacher Mr. Werner stepped up with a heartwarming gesture to make his students feel like they were still at school by sending the student listserv a photo taken by his wife of his buttcrack sticking out of the ill-fitting brown cargo shorts that he wears year-round. In the email, Mr. Werner noted that whether his students saw it while he was tying his sneakers on the first day of school, or while he was bending over to pick up a dodgeball during week two, by this time of year, every student would normally be familiar with the top two inches of his buttcrack, and that he hoped the sight of it would remind them of their pre-pandemic life.. "I want to do everything in my power to make sure these kids are getting just as much out of remote learning as they'd get in a classroom, which is why I'm also going to send them a.  picture of the fat roll on my stomach that students always see during the basketball unit when my shirt rises up as I miss countless three-pointers and half-court shots," explained Mr. Werner. "There's no blueprint on how to move forward, but if the sight of my buttcrack can help students feel less isolated, then I'm going to step up and show it to them.". Additionally, if remote learning continues into the winter months, Mr. Werner plans to comfort his students by sending them a video of him wiping out on the gymnasium floor during a pickleball game, which pretty much always happens that time of year when he puts on a little weight after the holidays and his sense of balance gets thrown off.. This is so incredible! Here's hoping other teachers follow in Mr. Werner's footsteps, because this is definitely going to help students get through the challenges of remote learning. Shout out to Mr. Werner for being there when his students need it most!,    Get ready to lose all faith in literature, because the story you're about to read is going to make you wonder whether some successful authors are just complete idiots with no brain cells at all: This book seems to imply that you need to say goodnight to the moon.. What? Who came up with this drivel? It doesn't get any stupider than this.. The book, a 32-page pile of asinine dogshit titled . Goodnight Moon. , is written by a hack named Margaret Wise Brown, who presumably suffered some sort of traumatic brain injury during the writing process, as the entire thing is centered on the notion that it is normal to talk out loud to the moon as if it's a person instead of a distant lifeless rock in the vacuum of space. The book starts out by describing a young bunny getting ready for bed in his weird green bedroom, which is already moronic in and of itself considering that animals Don't have bedrooms, and it only gets stupider from there. After several pages of establishing her idiocy to the reader, the dumber-than-rocks protagonist looks out his window and straight-up says "Goodnight, moon" to the moon, and children reading along are implicitly encouraged to say it with him, thereby roping them into this insane delusion that the fucking moon needs to hear from children before it goes to sleep.. Seriously?!? First off, the moon is hundreds of thousands of miles away, and it most likely can't see or hear any of what's going on in the bedroom of some random six-year-old doing his bedtime routine. Second, IF the moon were in fact to listen to someone, it would obviously be God or maybe the U.S. president, not some grubby kindergartner with no information of value to impart. Like, news flash, the moon already knows that it's nighttime, kid. It's the goddamn moon!. Incredibly, the book manages to somehow get even dumber, as the dipshit author also urges kids to say goodnight to other inanimate objects, such as a bowl of mush and a fucking comb. At one point, the main character even says "goodnight noises everywhere." What the fuck is that? We Don't even have it in us to unpack how stupid it is to say goodnight to noises everywhere. Noises? For real? Like, seriously, if you want your child to be dumb as a rocks, just feed them some household chemicals and save all the time and effort it takes to read them this book--you'll get the same results. . God, what a terrible book. Pisses us off, honestly. . This should really go without saying, but if you're a parent to young children, please Don't poison their impressionable young minds with this . Goodbye Moon.  crap. At best, it's a ridiculous waste of time that will make both you and your children upset and confused. We'd recommend throwing . Goodnight Moon.  in the garbage and reading a different book instead--preferably one not rooted in dangerous lies about the language capacities of cold, dead rocks hurtling dumbly through the cosmic abyss.  ,    Following a bombshell report from . The New York Times . over the weekend that exposed years of Donald Trump's tax returns, we now have a much clearer picture of the president's financial history, and not only is it clear that he's not the brilliant businessman he's always painted himself as, but it also seems that he's not much of a family man, either: the list of dependents on President Trump's tax returns makes it obvious that he has absolutely no idea what anyone in his family is named.. Wow. This is definitely not a good look for the commander-in-chief. . In examining 18 years of Trump's tax returns, the . Times . found that the president never once managed to get his family members " names correct when listing them as dependents, oftentimes just seemingly throwing out random guesses as to what they're called. The report discovered 22 different names that the president used for his wife alone, including "Meln," "Lips Lady," and "Marcus." Conversely, the only name he managed to consistently list over the years is that of someone named "The Frogman," who is not a known family member of Trump's but is nonetheless constantly referenced by the president in his financial documents, oftentimes in contexts wholly unrelated to taxes. . And it's not just family members " names that Trump doesn't know. It also seems that the president is largely oblivious to . how . he is related to his loved ones, as from 2009 to 2013, Trump claimed all of his individual family members as his spouse and identified them with names like, "Son Wife," "Poland Wife," and "LOUD HUSBAND." Further, for the last five years he has inexplicably listed "Michelle Obama (WIFE)" as one of his children. . While there was initially some speculation that Trump may have intentionally gotten his family members " names wrong on the forms as part of some ploy to cheat on his taxes, financial experts have since ruled out this possibility, noting that there is no way to win tax breaks by inaccurately identifying dependents and that it is not possible that this is an intentional strategy--he just simply does not know the names of the people he lives with. How this news will affect the president's reelection prospects is yet to be seen, but it goes without saying that this is something he'd rather not be dealing with this late in the election season., 5 Times Queen Elizabeth Proved All The Haters Wrong By Doing A Tiny Bit Better Than People Thought She Would In A Boxing Match With A Kangaroo.  "It Is Worth A Try ": Anthony Fauci Has Announced That If Everyone Mails Him A Bag Of Their Hair, It Might Help Him Develop A Coronavirus Cure Faster. Preach! 5 Traffic Signs That Make A Great Point.  "Fucking Take The Mannequins, Too ": Kohl's Has Announced That They Don't Give A Shit If You Loot Their Stores, They've Been Dying To Shut Down For Years At This Point. How Many Of These Things Have You Named Your WiFi Network To Subtly Encourage Your Upstairs Neighbors " Sex Life?. 4 Unpublished Dr. Seuss Books About The Grinch's 10 Years As A Midwife.  "They Shouldn't Be Entertained For More Than Five Minutes, Tops ": The American Psychological Association Has Announced That If Your Kid Goes A Little Too Buckwild Over Bubbles, Keep An Eye On That.       Thanks to COVID-19, the 2020 MLB season has been played under less than ideal circumstances, and as a result, one of baseball's biggest stars appears to be ready to move on from the game for good: Philadelphia Phillies right fielder Bryce Harper has quit baseball because he says one of the cardboard cutout fans called him a "fat boy.". Damn. This is a seriously shocking announcement from one of the brightest stars in the game.. Speaking to reporters after yesterday's double header, Harper opened up about a traumatic incident that occurred late in Game 2, when a cardboard cutout of a fan seated near the right field foul pole whispered, "Hey there, fat boy," at the Phillies slugger, causing him to immediately burst into tears and storm off the field. While nobody else has been able to corroborate Harper's account of events, he remains completely distraught and says that in addition to calling him a fat boy, the cardboard cutout called him a "pig's lawyer" and "a rat-faced warthog man." The six-time all star said that the comments hurt his feelings so much that he no longer has the will to keep playing.. "One of the paper men called me a fat boy and now I Don't want to play baseball anymore," Harper told reporters. "I am not a fat boy. I am a muscular person who looks exactly like Jimmy Stewart from the movies. That cardboard cutout has no idea what it is talking about. I refuse to play a sport where a two-dimensional man in a porkpie hat can call me fat boy with impunity.". The Phillies " front office tried to smooth things over with Harper by taking the offending cardboard cutout into the stadium parking lot and setting it on fire, but Harper remained inconsolable and shortly thereafter doubled down on his decision by ripping up his $330 million contract and feeding his baseball glove through a paper shredder. . Wow. Sounds like his mind is made up.. This is definitely a major setback for the Phillies and a huge blow for baseball fans everywhere who were hoping to watch Bryce Harper continue to dazzle on the ball field for many years to come. Now that he's been called a fat boy by a cardboard cutout, he "ll have to find a new career, and the Phillies will have to find someone to fill the massive hole Harper has left in their organization. Hopefully the Phillies can sign a new right fielder who has a slightly thicker skin and won't quit the sport entirely just because one of the cardboard cutouts mumbles an insult at him!,    Online learning is presenting new challenges for educators everywhere, but thankfully, our nation's endlessly creative and resourceful teachers have found some awesome ways to work around every obstacle they've run into. For those who need some more inspiration for how to make their online classrooms feel just as supportive and educational as the real thing, here are eight creative ways teachers can still punish misbehaving children during remote learning!. During remote learning, dealing with a chatty student can be as easy as asking him to mute his microphone, but some teachers have gone above and beyond to find a way to really simulate the time-out experience: they isolate misbehaving kids by sending them to the Products section of the Black and Decker website and asking them to find the best price-to-specs deal they can! Having to comb through countless blender attachments looking for the cheapest one with the sharpest blades while the rest of the class gets to enjoy a fun math review game gives the problem student the sense that they are really missing out. That's one seriously smart solution -- never underestimate the power of teachers!. You can't exactly keep kids after school when school takes place in their own homes. That is, unless you use this awesome hack that one creative reading teacher posted about on Facebook: have students who get in trouble during class sit silently in front of their empty Zoom call for a full hour once school is done. One fifth grade instructor in Texas even said she enlisted a student's sibling to dress as a school janitor and sweep around the student's feet while he sat there, all to better simulate the depressing feeling of staying in the school building after the bell has rung. Talk about dedication. These teachers are amazing!. Teachers can't give their students effective in-person talkings-to during quarantine, but that isn't stopping them from creating effective face-to-face discipline. One easy way to do just that is to have a student's mailman dress up like you and hit your student with a flyswatter! Just give their mailman an item of your clothing or a mask that looks like you, and pay them $30 or so to walk into the house of the misbehaving child and hit them over the head with a flyswatter while shouting "BAD!" It might not be quite the same as calling them up to your desk for a stern chat, but it's a pretty amazing workaround that will have your pupils feeling as if they're getting all the one-on-one attention they'd be getting during a normal school year!. Students with chronically poor behavior sometimes need a little extra motivation to do better, especially when they've been isolated from their peers for months. Here's an idea: Try enlisting their parents for help by having them slaughter a goat in full view of the neighborhood, then mark their door with an X drawn in blood. This bloody X on the doorway is an age-old symbol suggesting the child living within as one who is troublesome in the eyes of God and the community. Anyone who drives past the student's house and sees the cross of goat's blood will shake their heads and click their tongues, knowing that a naughty student lives there. Some teachers in underserved areas have even gone through the extra effort to provide a goat for slaughter to families who have not had access to one. Teachers just continue to exceed our expectations every day! It's going to take more than a pandemic to keep them down!. Sometimes, kids who misbehave are looking for attention. So, why not send them a gorgeous, hand-lettered note telling them to stop what they're doing and pay attention? This is an awesome substitute for the feeling a child gets when you walk over to their desk and kneel down by their side to yell at them to quit tossing erasers at their friends in the middle of a reading lesson It's the little things like these that really make remote learning bearable for young, impressionable children, and we are so amazed at the teachers who have come up with these innovative discipline ideas. Keep on keeping on, teachers -- we appreciate you!,    On October 5, 2011, country music star Keith Urban was enjoying cold beers at a beach tailgate party when he learned the tragic news that Steve Jobs had passed away after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. To honor the Apple co-founder's legacy, Keith Urban wants to write a song about that day. Do you think you can give him a hand?,    The passing of a close relative is always tough to process, but it can be especially difficult to digest for young children who have yet to fully grasp the concept of death. Here are four ways to gently explain to your kids that their grandmother jumped into the lion habitat at the zoo and moaned with pleasure as she was devoured by the lions.. The near-sexual deathlust of a loved one can be tough for children to understand, but if you can relate it to an experience they've already had with a pet, then they might have an easier time grasping why their grandma so desperately craved to be ripped to shreds by wild animals. Set aside some time away from distractions to sit your kids down and ask them to recount their pet's death, explaining to them how this is pretty much the same situation except that while the pet probably hated dying, their grandma actually loved it.. Kids are visual learners, so being able to see a depiction of what it was like when their grandma was torn apart by hungry lions will go a long way towards helping them make sense of things. Asking them questions like, "How do you think grandma felt while the lions were eating her and she was groaning,  "Oh, yes, tear me apart, you naughty beasts! This is sex to me! I want to be inside your mouths! Feast on my groin, you roaring cunts! "? Does it sound like she was happy or sad?" Once your kids realize that she died in a state of pure, unbridled ecstasy and actually savored the pain of being devoured wide-awake by ravenous lions, they'll figure out that their grandmother was simply a maniacal painfreak who could only experience joy through intense suffering, and this will bring them comfort.. The idea of someone being gone forever can be scary to children, so it's important to let them know that, while their grandma might not physically be here anymore, you can still feel her presence through things like looking at family photos, cooking one of her favorite recipes, or joining millions of others in watching the viral video of her slathering herself in butter, climbing down into the lion enclosure, and grunting orgasmically as the jungle cats ripped her into quarters and made a family meal of her wrinkled flesh. And though looking at a dead body can be upsetting, it can also help one find closure, especially if the dead body is grinning ecstatically and giving a thumbs-up like Grandma is in the now-famous "OLD BITCH ACHIEVES CLIMAX IN THE JAWS OF LIONS -- WITH AUDIO" YouTube video.. Grandma's house is the most boring place in the world, and once your kids understand that they no longer have to spend their Christmases sitting around in her cramped living room with nothing to do but play Uno and watch . The Andy Griffith Show.  on antenna TV, they'll realize that her gory yet blissful zoo death was ultimately a net positive for them. Because at the end of the day, most kids would happily welcome the death of elderly family members if it means they no longer have to spend time with them. And honestly, you can't blame  "em!,    While so much of regular life is on hold due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it's great to know that there are still some activities we can safely enjoy: The CDC says that watching a high school football practice alone in the bleachers while looking sullen and staring longingly at the quarterback who doesn't even notice you because you wear glasses and have never spoken to anyone at school except your gay best friend is a "low risk" activity for COVID-19.. Awesome! . According to new COVID-19 safety guidelines released by the CDC, sitting all alone in the bleachers after school while watching the quarterback practice as you doodle hearts with his name inside them all over the front of your AP history notebook is a safe activity that does not put you at an increased risk of contracting COVID-19. The CDC says that people can even feel comfortable passionately making out with the quarterback after he dramatically storms off the field and tells you that he's loved you since the first time he laid eyes on you, so long as the whole thing turns out to be a daydream that you snap out of when a rogue football flies off the field and hits you right in the face. Additionally, because the quarterback is over six feet tall, he will be able to follow social distancing protocol when he stands over you in the bleachers and asks if you're okay before handing you your broken glasses and running back to practice.. But just because an activity is low risk doesn't mean that proper precautions shouldn't be taken.. "When you're walking across campus while talking on the phone to your gay best friend--who just cattily blew off a customer at the Jamba Juice where he works to answer your call--and whining to him about how the quarterback doesn't even know you exist because you have brown hair and are on the debate team, it's essential to wear a mask so that you Don't spread the virus when you accidentally bump into the quarterback, causing all of your books to fall to the ground," explained CDC director Robert Redfield. "It should be noted, though, that the risk of transmission will increase as the quarterback bends down to help pick up your papers, which is why it's crucial that both of you leave your masks on as he flips through your biology textbook and realizes that you guys are in the same class, all while your gay best friend can be distantly heard through your phone's tinny speaker saying,  "Ohmygod, are you talking to him RIGHT NOW? Get it, girl! You total slutbag! " before you hang up on him.". "Further, it is advised that you remain six feet apart when the quarterback asks if he can copy your science homework, and you agree, even though cheating scares you as a straight-A student with your sights set on Yale, because you think it'll make him like you, although your heart will drop when he walks away saying,  "Thanks for the homework help, Nancy, " since Nancy is definitely not your name," he continued. . Excitingly, the new guidelines state that there are even low risk ways to attend the big party that the quarterback invites you to as a way of thanking you for letting him copy your homework--the very party that your gay best friend assures you is "totally a date" while he helps you do your makeup, going so far as to take off your glasses and straighten your curly hair, proving that you've secretly been a total hottie this whole time. However, to minimize exposure to potential carriers, it is best that you wear a mask to the party and only stay just long enough to see the quarterback kissing the head cheerleader across the room, at which point it's recommended that you run out of the party in tears and avoid making contact with the nerdy guy from your math class who's chasing after you to see if you're alright because he's secretly in love with you, and if you ever just opened your eyes you'd see that he's a really great guy who actually likes you for who you are, unlike that conceited jock who, in retrospect, you realize has been a huge asshole all along.. Additionally, the CDC says that crying in your parent's basement after the party while eating ice cream straight out of the carton and watching a rom-com while texting your gay best friend about how things are never going to go your way and you're doomed to be alone forever is generally considered a safe activity.. Amazing! This is definitely going to be great for high schoolers who are currently lying awake in their beds obsessively looking at the head cheerleader's Instagram and wondering what she has that they Don't. Thanks to the CDC for bringing us some much-needed good news!,    If you're a Harry Potter fan, you're in luck, because the author of the series has released another exciting update about the wizarding world: J.K. Rowling just revealed that Ron Weasley became patient zero for coronavirus after messing up a spell where he tried to turn a bat into a larger bat he could have sex with.. So much yes! The Harry Potter universe continues to get more and more incredible.. Rowling made the bombshell announcement earlier today on Twitter:. Wow! Being a Harry Potter fan is truly the gift that keeps on giving. Thanks to JK Rowling for this thrilling new information about a beloved character!, A Piece Of History: The Terrifying Clown Mask That Frightened JFK To Death When Jackie Kennedy Put It On As A Prank Is Coming To The Smithsonian. A Beautiful Remembrance: This Guy Emptying Out His Voicemails Has Opted To Keep One From His Grandma Who He Figures Will Probably Die Pretty Soon. Gloves: It's Gloves. 6 Hagfish That Are Actually Pretty Cute Once You Stare At Them For Days On End Without Sleep, Food, Or Water. 7 Ways To Convince Your Neighbor That It's Fine That Their Son Floated Away In The Blimp You Built For Him. The Future Of Biohacking: Elon Musk Has Announced He Is Now Half Machine After Gluing A Vitamix Blender To His Leg. Buckle The Fuck Up: Scientists Have Announced They're Going To Save Up All Their New Discoveries And Then--BOOM!--Drop Them All At Once In 15 Years.       Throughout her entire life, Queen Elizabeth II has been defying people's expectations. For instance, when Queen Elizabeth enters the boxing ring for a prize fight against a massive kangaroo, people assume she's going to fare terribly, yet she always manages to exceed their expectations by a very small margin. . This 1999 televised bout between Queen Elizabeth and a kangaroo, which was held to honor the memories of the soldiers who had died in World War I, is one of the most memorable moments in British history. Queen Elizabeth's family begged her not to get in the ring with Star Destroyer (the kangaroo), but Queen Elizabeth said she had to "do it for England." Everyone thought that the 6-foot, 250-pound animal was going to knock the Queen completely unconscious in just one jab, but after the first jab, the Queen was still standing and managed to spit at the kangaroo before a second jab sent her down for the count. And that's just the way a badass like Queen Elizabeth rolls: When someone tells her she's going to be demolished by a gigantic marsupial in under a minute, she DEMOLISHES their doubts by getting demolished by a gigantic marsupial in a little bit over a minute.. This match between Queen Elizabeth and a kangaroo took place in 2003 as a pay-per-view boxing extravaganza that Her Majesty arranged in order to raise money for the NBA. The Queen's family pleaded with her not to do it, pointing out that basketball was extremely popular worldwide and the NBA was having no financial difficulties whatsoever, but the Queen courageously would not be deterred. The Vegas odds said Queen Elizabeth was going to be uppercutted so hard that she would sail upward into the rafters of the arena within the first 10 seconds of her match with Ben Hur (the kangaroo), but the Queen showed them all! She sprinted around the edge of the ring shrieking for nearly three times that amount of time before the kangaroo finally caught up with her and uppercutted her into outer space, proving to everyone that the ol' gal still had some fight in her. It just goes to show, you never underestimate the Queen of England!. This one was absolutely one of Queen Elizabeth's finest moments. She held the match on the same day in 2011 as Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding so that the wedding would get less attention. After landing a couple good slaps on the kangaroo's belly, the kangaroo wound up and delivered a left hook that utterly failed to knock out as many of the Queen's teeth as people anticipated, leaving the monarch with more than enough chompers to chew her nightly supper of microwaved eels and hot dog buns. Of the teeth that . did . fly out of the Queen's mouth, one was caught by a terminally ill child who was attending the bout courtesy of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. While he unfortunately had to give the tooth back so that the Queen could have a state funeral for it at Westminster Abbey, just getting to hold the tooth for a few seconds was special enough for him to die with a smile on his face. . This boxing match between Queen Elizabeth and a kangaroo took place on June 18, 2015, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle Of Waterloo. Technically it was against the rules for a combatant to bring a purse into the ring, but the ref could not stop her because she's the ruler of the country and does not have to obey laws. This ended up being for the best, as Her Majesty managed to wow everyone in attendance by swinging her purse around and whacking the kangaroo three or four times before he eventually got annoyed and hit her with a right cross so powerful that she went sailing over the ropes and into the crowd. She showed the world that day that just because you're over 90 years old and can no longer go maneuver stairs without help doesn't mean that you can't very briefly put up a fight against a huge belligerent kangaroo. . When Buckingham Palace officials announced that, to honor the 20th anniversary of Princess Diana's death, Queen Elizabeth would be stepping into the ring with Khaleesi, one of the largest kangaroos in the world, it seemed like every naysayer on Earth was online talking about how the Queen was going to be killed. Yet those haters were forced to eat their words when Queen Elizabeth was wheeled out of the ring with a detectable pulse and only ended up suffering a brief three-week coma, allowing her to get back into the ring less than a month later to once again brawl with an animal. Mic drop! We've said it before and we "ll say it again: Never bet against Queen Elizabeth of the House of Windsor!,    If there wasn't already enough chaos going on in the world, here's a story of yet another out-of-control situation that's currently unfolding in a suburban home: three of the seven toothbrushes in this bathroom toothbrush holder are an absolute mystery to everyone in the family.. Yikes. This is utter pandemonium. . With only five total people in the household, members of the Lipitz family in Bedford, Massachusetts, are truly at a loss as to how so many toothbrushes have managed to accumulate in their upstairs bathroom, especially considering that it's really only the four kids who use this particular bathroom--the parents brush their teeth in the master bath. While it was initially suspected that some of the toothbrushes might've been left behind after a sleepover birthday party one of the family's four children held a few weeks back, this theory now seems unlikely, as kids rarely brush their teeth at sleepovers, and even if they do, it'd be pretty weird for them to put their toothbrushes in another family's toothbrush holder.   . Another possibility is that one of the unexplained toothbrushes is simply a leftover relic of the days before the youngest Lipitz child got braces and switched to an electric toothbrush, or perhaps one of the toothbrushes might just be a freebie that someone brought home from the dentist and used for a couple days before realizing it sucked and moving onto a better one. After all, the bottle of Dr. Bronner's that's been sitting in the shower for years was clearly abandoned in favor of real soap for the same reason. There's also a small chance that one of the toothbrushes might be the one that the mom uses to clean the grout in the shower, though it would be a pretty shocking move for her to keep it in the holder instead of under the sink with the other cleaning supplies since she's usually so anal about germs.. Hmm, this truly is a mystery. There are more questions than answers at this point. . Whatever the case, if the Lipitzes Don't figure out what's going on with the toothbrush holder soon, they'd probably be best off just throwing out all of the toothbrushes and starting over with a clean slate. After all, a couple of the toothbrushes have visible layers of dust on them now, so it's not like they're being used. It's time to put an end to this chaos and restore some order to the world.,    Malala. Malala. Malala. Malala. Malala,    The incredibly prolific Theodor Geisel, a.k.a. Dr. Seuss, wrote a great deal of picture books that went unpublished during his lifetime, including these four books about the decade the Grinch spent working as a midwife. Check  "em out below!. Written in 1952, . How The Grinch Got His Nurse-Midwife Certification . tells the story of the day the Grinch, recently graduated with his MS in nursing, left his home on Mount Crumpit to take his midwifery exam in a town called Whatsernacker. As the book details, "He walked and he tramped on his floppy green feet / Scowling and studying his midwife worksheets / With hate in his heart and a dislike for others / he vowed to scare babies right out of their mothers." When the Grinch arrives at the church basement where the test is being administered, he becomes furious at all the happy, excited future midwives chatting animatedly without him, and he jumps atop the cafeteria-style table and screaming, "You mealy-mouthed fools, I'm the king of the nurses / One day you'll all die from my nasty nurse curses!" As soon as he finishes the exam, though, the Grinch grabs his answer sheet, runs it through the proctor's Scantron, and learns that he's received a 100 percent thanks to his incredible passion for midwifery. He then huffs and puffs home to his mountain lair and begins applying for jobs. . Seuss's next book on the topic centered around the Grinch's first job as a midwife. The residents of a town called Snozzenville narrate the story, which begins, "The Big Green Midwife rode in on a horse / he was angry and sneering and Grinchy, of course! /  "Give me your preggos! " the furry fiend yelled! /  "I'll grab all their babies, I'm the midwife from hell! "" Once the Grinch arrives, he jumps down from his bright pink steed, snarling and barking out facts about reproductive health and the importance of light exercise during pregnancy. Without missing a beat, he tiptoes angrily over to an extremely pregnant Snozzler and commands her to take deep breaths as he uses his green, spider-like fingers to open up a compartment on her belly and peer inside. The Grinch then turns the enormous Snozzler upside-down and shakes her until seven shriveled-up infant Snozzlers tumble out onto the ground, at which point he gives her the devastating news that "I tried hard to save them, I gave it my all / But sadly their hearts are two sizes too small. "" He asks for and receives permission to eat the little stillborn Snozzlers, and he then "Swallows them whole, from their heads to their feet / Savoring each scrap of the wee Snozzlers " meat". After, the story abruptly ends with the Grinch forcing his business cards on all the rest of the Snozzlers and informing them that, "I accept Medicaid--if you're broke, do not fear," prompting all the low-income Snozzler mothers to "let out a great cheer." According to Seuss's biographer, publishers passed on the book due to its "heavy profanity and disturbing depictions of fetal death.". Seuss went on to write a book about birth control narrated by the Grinch himself, full of tips like "You cannot get pregnant inside of a rocket / You cannot get pregnant with coins in your pocket! / You . can . become pregnant from the sperm of a Whuglee / But their bad rotten genes will make your baby quite ugly!" The wildly incorrect reproductive facts and the thinly veiled pro-eugenics commentary ultimately failed to win over publishers, but even though the book never went to print, Seuss frequently referred to it later in life as his "most treasured work.". This holiday tale depicts the ever-grouchy Grinch as the founder and lead practitioner at his own holistic midwifery practice, where he trains younger midwives and oversees births from his clinic atop a steep, pointy hill in a town called Bilderdeebee. On Christmas Eve, as the nurses are preparing to go home to their families, they see what looks like an enormous centipede approaching the clinic that in fact turns out to be "A line of one squillion short-legged Sprees / Pregnant as pregnant as pregnant could be." The Grinch turns to his employees to tell them that they can't go home for Christmas and instead must attend to the pregnant Sprees, but he sees the sadness in their eyes and feels a pang of remorse, remembering the many Christmases he spent alone, studying late for anatomy tests or working overnight in maternity wards. In an uncharacteristic stroke of kindness, he sends the nurses home and springs into action, taking it upon himself to deliver all the babies. "He took the first Spree by her big fuzzy ear / And extracted her young with the smuggest of sneers / As fluids and viscera spread o "er the floor / He grabbed the next Spree and he did it once more." He works tirelessly until sunup delivering baby after baby in assembly-line fashion, which Seuss describes in increasingly graphic anatomical detail over the course of the 60-page saga. Upon completing the Herculean task, the Grinch finally sits down to catch his breath only to see another group coming up the hill towards him--his nurses! They shout, "Merry Christmas, Midwife Grinch" as they present him with an enormous roast possum (his favorite food) and invite him to come down the hill and celebrate Christmas with them. Seuss explained in a late-in-life interview that his later work, . How The Grinch Stole Christmas. , was really just a hasty rewrite of . Merry Christmas, Midwife Grinch. , the latter of which his editors ended up rejecting due to its deeply upsetting descriptions of the Sprees " fantastical umbilical cords and the convoluted series of wacky genital flaps the Grinch must solve to access their birth canals. We can see where they're coming from, although given how much of a beloved classic . How The Grinch Stole Christmas.  became, we think the world would nonetheless be excited to welcome another Grinch tale into the Christmas canon. ,    Over the past few months, we've seen countless stories about retail establishments being looted amidst the civil unrest that's gripping the nation, and while this has been devastating for many businesses, one major department store chain appears to be welcoming the destruction: Kohl's just announced that they Don't give a fuck if you loot their stores, as they've been dying to shut down for years at this point.. Damn. Sounds like Kohl's is officially over it.. Earlier today, Kohl's revealed that they've been teetering on the brink of insolvency for years and, tired of fighting off the inevitable, they're now essentially inviting looters to come help expedite their demise so that they can just get it over with and move on with their lives. . "While many businesses are boarding up windows to keep people from ransacking their stores, we at Kohl's are actually encouraging any and all acts of theft and property damage at our locations, as things have been pretty rough on our end for a while now and we're ready to be put out of our misery," said the retailer in a press release, adding that, really, it'd probably be best for everyone if they stopped being a thing. "Honestly, there's just no need for Kohl's anymore, and that's not gonna change no matter how many 40-percent-off coupons we put in the Sunday paper. No number of exclusive product collaborations with Fergie are gonna save this sinking ship. So if folks are angry and want to loot something, then they should by all means head down to their local Kohl's and go nuts.". "Seriously, we won't call the police or try to stop you or anything," the retailer continued. "Smash the windows, raid the clothes racks. Bring a U-Haul and load it up with all the Lauren Conrad signature bedding and outdated Casio watches you want--we've got warehouses of that shit that we're never gonna sell. Hell, even take the mannequins if you're feeling it. It's not like we're gonna have any use for them when we shut down, which will hopefully be sooner than later. Loot your hearts out, motherfuckers.". Kohl's went on to clarify that this isn't meant to be any kind of statement about police brutality, adding that they'don't give a fuck about politics or whatever" and are instead just profoundly tired of being Kohl's and are at this point just counting down the days until they can file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and be done with it all for good. . Fair enough!. Kudos to Kohl's for having the courage to accept their fate, as well as for providing a safe outlet for looters to dispense their righteous anger and steal armfuls of discounted Vera Wang plus-size blouses. Might as well bow out gracefully now while they've still got their dignity.   ,    Well, huh. The scene currently unfolding on a street in Richmond, VA is both incredibly confusing and potentially incriminating: This baby is being pushed in a stroller by a different baby. . Isn't this sort of thing against the law? Shouldn't someone be watching them? It's not like the one pushing the stroller could possibly be responsible for the baby inside the stroller. . According to reports from the scene, for the last 20 minutes, a baby has been pushing another baby in a stroller down the sidewalk of a downtown Richmond street, and witnesses have been quick to clarify that the stroller is not a small, doll-sized carriage that a baby might conceivably own, but rather a full-size, convertible stroller with a bassinet and everything. There's a real baby in there. The two babies are reportedly smiling and sharing cotton candy, and while their identities are currently unknown, witnesses guess that based on their dynamic, they are either siblings, friends, or cousins. . Very interesting. It's not like you can just lock up a baby in prison, but this is probably against some kind of law. Somebody should probably arrest one of these babies. Or both of these babies.. Apparently, the two babies have obeyed all traffic signs and have had no difficulty safely crossing the street, even while the baby doing the pushing threw up on himself while pretending to take a call on what onlookers believe was a real iPhone that no longer works. The babies have mainly stuck to the sidewalk, although they reportedly made one stop into a Starbucks where they approached the register, threw their empty cotton candy wrapper onto the counter, clapped three times, then left.. To make things even more confusing, the baby in the stroller just climbed out and swapped places with the one doing the pushing, and apparently they now look even happier than before, because the baby who is now sitting in the stroller is laughing while the one pushing the stroller is doing a little jig. Weirder still, a child who witnesses describe as an incredibly large baby, much larger than the first two babies, just walked out of an alley and handed the babies another thing of cotton candy. Then the baby in the stroller got out, and now all three babies are pushing an empty stroller while sharing the cotton candy as they continue down the street. . Seriously, what's going on? It definitely seems like someone is supposed to go to jail here. Would it be the guardians who should have been watching these babies? Or would it be the babies? Can babies even be tried in a juvenile court? And where the hell did they get cotton candy? There's no carnival in town! This situation definitely need police intervention ASAP.. God, we Don't even know where to begin. Here's hoping that someone who knows the legality of this situation intervenes sometime soon, because this definitely seems like the kind of thing that should at least result in some kind of penalty. Babies pushing other babies in strollers ...you've got to assume that kind of thing against some kind of law. Time for someone to go to prison!,    Comedian Richard Lewis has been making rounds in the club circuit for decades, but it seems like the longtime comic is ready to take the next step in his career: Richard Lewis has announced he would like to be the next comedian to make a mediocre dramedy where he has weird, grunting sex in the first 5 minutes. . Awesome! Sounds like Richard Lewis is serious about expanding his artistic horizons.. Earlier today, Richard Lewis uploaded a video to his Twitter account where he announced his wishes to follow in the footsteps of comedians who managed to level up their careers by starring in middling drama-comedies as characters who get naked and have jarring, loud sex in their first few minutes onscreen, such as Andy Samberg in.  Palm Springs,.  Pete Davidson in . The King of Staten Island. , and Paul Rust in . Love. .. Check out a transcription of the . Curb Your Enthusiasm.  star's message for the entertainment industry below:. "Richard Lewis here, and if you're a Hollywood producer or director, then listen up, because I want to be the next vaguely famous comedian to star in a straight-to-streaming dramedy where, for pretty much no reason at all, my character has weird, grunting sex within the first 5 minutes of the movie. After years of standup comedy, I'm ready to prove myself as an artist and play a guy who the audience will meet during a scene where I'm thrusting haphazardly while making all kinds of deep, guttural sounds that are neither erotic nor funny in a movie that people will only watch because they're hungover and it seems fine.. It's time that Richard Lewis gets to play a character who has off-putting, sweaty sex while standing up in like, a bar bathroom before the film's opening titles have even rolled. I want to show the world that I've grown in my career and can do more than just comedy -- I can also do a slightly funny, slightly dramatic 89-minute movie that opens with a shot of my nude, hairy back as I make awful grumbling noises through clenched teeth into the neck of a female character who's probably a girlfriend I'll break up with in act two. Hollywood, take note, because I am 100 percent ready to really grunt it out in an unnecessarily graphic sex scene even though the rest of the movie will have very little to do with me having sex, and my character could just have easily been introduced with a shot of me watching TV on the couch or something.". Richard Lewis concluded the video by making a minute's worth of low, throat-clearing grunts to prove that he was capable of playing the role before signing off, saying, "Hollywood, let's make this happen!". Best of luck, Richard! We hope it happens for you!, Ah, Yes: 7 Essential Quotes From The One And Only Sir Nondgren!. Nerves Of Steel: This Guy Is Scarfing Down The Trader Joe's Free Samples Without Even Doing That Pretend Curious Glance At The Product's Box. Feminism Win: There's Probably A New Women's Lifestyle Website Called Like  "Whores " Where You Can Learn About Face Creams Or Ghosting Or Whatever. Hard To Watch: Talbots Just Went On An Angry Twitter Rant Asking Why They Can't Be One Of Those Dorky Brands That Everyone Randomly Decided Is Actually Cool Now. Who The Fuck Did He Think He Was Playing? Kelsey Grammer Just Issued A Tearful Apology Saying That As A White Man He Never Should Have Accepted The Role Of Frasier. Good Fucking Riddance To Nature's Ultimate Bitch: Eastern Painted Turtle Population Numbers Have Decreased 3 Percent Since 1955. A Forgotten Treasure: This Moving Photo Of A Discarded iTunes Gift Card With $0.30 Left On It Will Bring You To Tears.   
    We can all relate to the feeling of hearing a great song and needing to know what it is, like, RIGHT now, but this is definitely a bit much: This guy is Shazaming the choir's rendition of ". Amazing Grace".  in the middle of his grandmother's funeral.. Ugh, buddy, please. This can wait.. The second Salt Lake City claims processor Ryan Medfield heard the church choir sing the first note of ". Amazing Grace".  at his 86-year-old grandmother's funeral, his eyes lit up as if he was hearing the hottest track he'd ever heard in his life. He immediately started bobbing his head and grooving to the melody, looking to those around him with an impressed look on his face and saying, "Yeah! Woo! Wow, who is this!?". After being ignored by the tearful mourners around him, he resorted to pulling out his iPhone, opening popular song identification app Shazam, and holding his phone high in the air above the heads of the other parishioners in an attempt to figure out what song he was enthusiastically rocking out to.. After not immediately receiving a song match in the app, he moved quickly from his pew, pushing his way through the packed congregation in a mad dash to try to get a stronger LTE signal in the entryway to the Word of God church in Provo, Utah, where his beloved grandmother was being memorialized, before the hymn ended. While able to pick up a stronger signal in the church's lobby, the app now struggled to find the song in its database due to Ryan's distance from the choir. He then panicked and tried Googling whatever lyrics he could pick out, but his rush caused numerous typos which rendered the search futile, so he attempted to record a bit of the track to his phone's "voice memos" folder so he could at least listen to a shitty sounding recording of it later.. Dude, sure, it's a great song, but honestly, not now.. Come on, man. This is your own grandmother's funeral for God's sake. Just keep humming the melody until you have a chance to sneak off to the bathroom or something. Show some respect for your poor grandmother and put the phone away. You'll have all the time in the world to figure out what song ". Amazing Grace".  is later.,    The American dream promises that each generation will have a better life than the one that came before it, but for the latest generation to reach adulthood, it now seems that this upward trajectory may no longer be guaranteed: A new report has found that millennials are the first generation to make fewer disgusting cottage cheese based meals than their parents.. Yikes. This is a seriously troubling sign. . The report, published last week by a team of sociologists at Stanford University, found that millennials are making 70 percent fewer meals that combine cottage cheese with ingredients like ranch dressing, cream of mushroom soup, or Jello packets than Baby Boomers did at their age, making them the first generation in modern history to have fewer opportunities to indulge in cottage cheese than their parents. Data shows that by age 40, the average Baby Boomer had experienced at least 65 separate cottage cheese recipes, ranging from simple breakfast dishes involving heaping scoops of cottage cheese with canned fruit to more elaborate holiday casseroles involving cottage cheese and ham, whereas Millennials are not only eating far fewer cottage cheese-based entrees, but also fewer sides where cottage cheese is inexplicably served with iceberg lettuce and pineapple rings. . "The statistical rule of thumb has always been that each new generation enjoys a greater wealth of cottage cheese dishes thanks to the sacrifices and labor of the generations prior, but for the first time since the Civil War, that trend is now moving downward due to a number of adverse factors," explained the study's lead researcher Sarah Yeo. "With an ever-decreasing number of church picnics to attend each summer, fewer 1950s cookbooks with names like "Simple Family Meals For The Dutiful Housewife" still in print, and fewer five-hour swaths of available free time to dedicate to crafting elaborate cottage cheese and Frito dishes with olives carefully arranged into a happy face on top, it's just no longer realistic for young people to be able to expect to eat cottage cheese in some form two or three times a day like their parents.". "Sadly, for many Millennials, the only way for them to enjoy desserts that are basically just cottage cheese and Cool Whip mixed in Keebler ready-made crusts is to simply move back in with their parents," she continued.   . Yeo added that, cottage cheese-wise, not only do Millennials have it much worse than their parents, but they've also been saddled with the near-impossible task of salvaging an environment destroyed by the single-use aluminum containers that previous generations relied on to bring dishes like cottage cheese and Velveeta soup and cottage cheese crusted chicken piccata to potlucks. . This is deeply concerning.. While Millennials often get a bad wrap as a spoiled generation, there's certainly nothing entitled about being the first wave of Americans to ever be deprived of consistent access to generous portions of cottage cheese-based foods. It's a devastating reality that for this generation, the childhood dream of sitting down at the end of a long day to enjoy a cottage cheese and Nilla Wafer parfait after cleaning up their Mexican cottage cheese lasagna dinner may never be realized. ,    If you're a parent, you may want to start paying more attention to what your kids are doing during playtime, as experts just issued a stern warning about a popular children's activity: The American Psychological Association has announced that if your kid goes a little too buckwild over bubbles, then you're definitely going to want to keep an eye on that. . Be on the lookout, parents!. In a statement released earlier today, the American Psychological Association detailed growing concerns among mental health professionals over children who go just a bit too apeshit when you hand them a thing of bubbles, noting that something may be "profoundly wrong" with a child if they blow bubbles for a long time without growing bored and ditching them for a real toy. The organization explained that, while there's certainly some novelty to blowing a bubble and watching it float around in the sky, ultimately bubbles are just bits of soap that become round somehow, and if a child spends an entire afternoon chasing them around the yard and giggling, that is a serious red flag.. "There's nothing inherently wrong with a child playing with bubbles, but kids should realize that they're not meant for prolonged recreation, and they should really just be a thing that you play with, like, once or twice a year at summer barbecues or whatever. Bubbles definitely shouldn't be part of the regular toy rotation," said the APA in their statement, adding that bubbles should be "briefly amusing at best" considering that most kids these days have iPads that they could be playing with instead, which are an objectively superior entertainment option in literally every regard. "Like, if your kid gets to that point where the front of their shirt is soaking wet from flinging around the bubble wand, that's way too much. If any of your grownup friends see that, they're 100 percent gonna be talking on the way home like,  "That kid was going apeshit over those bubbles ...pretty weird. " And they'll be absolutely right, because it is weird.". "And Don't get us started on kids who run around all excited trying to pop the bubbles," the statement continued. "If your kid loves popping bubbles, that means they're a psychopath.". The APA went on to say that kids should experience diminishing returns when playing with bubbles, as you get the whole gist of them pretty much immediately, and after that it's just the same fucking thing over and over again. Hence, the organization says that if your child remains stimulated by the bubbles for more than a few minutes and gets to that point where they're wildly chasing the bubbles around and squealing and running into grownups " legs, that is deeply troubling, and you should probably just give them some Benadryl and put them in bed at six o'clock so they'll calm the fuck down. . Wow, this is definitely some important information that every parent should know!. Even though the APA didn't go so far as to recommend a bubble boycott, the concerns they raised are nonetheless alarming, and it'd probably be best if you have your child play with sparklers instead of bubbles from now on just to be safe. Or, if your child absolutely insists on playing with bubbles, perhaps consider loudly belittling them while they do so to help them realize that bubbles aren't really all that interesting and are in fact actually pretty fucking stupid. You may feel uncomfortable doing it, but your kid will one day thank you for doing whatever was necessary to keep them from becoming a full-on freak or a serial killer or something. ,    Science nuts, hold onto your fucking hats. Scientists around the world have announced some completely huge news: from now on, instead of announcing their latest discoveries periodically as they happen, they're going to let all of them build up over the course of fifteen years and then--BOOM--unleash them on us all at once.. Whoa. Prepare yourselves to be absolutely goddamned floored in 15 years!. At a press conference this morning, a spokeswoman for a coalition representing all of the world's universities, private labs, and independent researchers announced their plan to really hit everyone over the fucking head with 15 years " worth of data all at once in 2035. "From minor discoveries, such as finding a new species of slugs, to major ones, like successfully cloning a wooly mammoth, we have agreed to keep all new scientific developments completely secret from the public until exactly 15 years from today's date. At that point, we will unleash a massive torrent of mind-blowing discoveries in a single paper that's guaranteed to knock you flat on your motherfucking ass.". While the spokeswoman acknowledged that announcing scientific breakthroughs as they happen instead of waiting 15 years could save an estimated 500 million lives, prevent the extinction of countless animal species, and significantly mitigate the consequences of global warming, scientists have agreed that it is the only way to really fucking floor everyone with science.. Harvard physicist Alena Gorman explained the reasoning behind the plan. "Scientists have been trying to knock everyone's fucking socks off with newly-discovered facts, technological breakthroughs, and medical advancements for centuries, yet no one ever really seems to give a shit. Our models show that building all of our discoveries up for 15 years and then--BAM--opening the floodgates all at once is the only way to truly skullfuck the whole planet with a massive avalanche of science.". The current plan is for all scientists to keep their discoveries completely secret, even from one another, until exactly 15 years from today. At that time, they will host a massive event at Ohio Stadium that will be simulcast live to every country in the world. Over the course of the uninterrupted 12-day event, scientists will take the stage to reveal their discoveries in order of importance while Metallica performs in the background and over one billion dollars worth of fireworks explode overhead. The most amazing discovery, likely something to do with aliens or curing cancer, will be revealed last by a gigantic 400-foot-tall hologram of Albert Einstein at a volume of an ear-crushing 189 decibels.. Damn! This is going to be fucking intense. We can't wait!. The next 15 years are going to be tough for science fanatics, but the incredible rush of having all of those built-up discoveries unleashed like a volcanic explosion is going to be one of the most incredible moments of our lifetimes. Until then, we "ll just have to sit tight and be patient until the deluge of science comes to drown us all in 2035.,    So you built your neighbor's son a blimp, he floated away in it, and now your neighbor is all freaked out about it. Here are seven ways to convince him that his son floating away in the blimp you made for him is absolutely fine.. Part of the reason that your neighbor is crying and screaming at you and threatening to break both of your wrists if you Don't bring his small son back is probably that he doesn't realize that the blimp his son floated away in was custom built just for him. Once the boy's father understands that this blimp was indeed constructed with all of his child's needs and best interests in mind, he "ll realize that there's really nothing to worry about and that his boy is probably having a blast. Show your neighbor the blueprints of the blimp with its cool dinosaur-shaped bed, show him the receipts of all of the Twizzlers and Pepsi you stocked the blimp's cooler with, let him know there are plenty of bandaids on board in case of emergencies, and he "ll slowly come to understand what a wonderful opportunity this is for his boy.. It's understandable that your neighbor is uncomfortable with having his son floating around in a blimp somewhere in the upper atmosphere since he has no idea how experienced you are with building blimps for the young sons of your casual contacts. Bring him up to speed on your impressive resume of blimp construction to put his mind at ease. He doesn't need to know every last detail about your earlier attempts, especially the ones where people got hurt, but you should at least make him aware that this isn't just some random crazy stunt you pulled on a whim but rather a meticulously coordinated effort by someone with dozens of hours of experience sending children off into the clouds, and at this point you've got all the oxygen-related rookie errors out of your system and you know all the good tricks for keeping kids alive. Blimps aren't rocket science, after all. They're just big, slow balloons that literally any idiot can figure out.. Sure, the classic tale of Professor Blimp-O and the blimp he builds for young Thebastian to journey to the moon after his parents are swept away in a flood is fiction, but a little whimsy and imagination will go a long way towards making your neighbor understand that his seven-year-old son floating around alone in a blimp is not only fine, but it's actually a pretty cool thing. You might want to skip over the part where Professor Blimp-O has to build a second blimp and send another small boy to rescue Thebastian from the moon pirates, because that part is a little scary and several people die. But once you get rid of that part, you're left with a comforting and happy story that teaches the important life lesson that sometimes children drift off into the cosmos aboard homemade blimps without parental approval and this is perfectly okay.. He should really be thanking you, as a good homemade blimp can run you well into the hundred-dollar range. They're not cheap, and you're not exactly wealthy. Honestly, it'd be totally fair to ask the dad to reimburse you, but that's your call.. Most layman lump blimps, hot air balloons, and zeppelins together, and that's probably a big part of the reason why your neighbor is so upset that he's calling the FBI right now. Set up a time in the next few days to have your neighbor drop by and learn about the distinct differences between the three types of aircraft over beers. Get him to understand that his boy isn't up there in some rickety wicker basket dangling from a balloon but rather safely enclosed in a solid gondola equipped with bubble wrap-lined walls and a big box full of catcher's gear to prevent concussions. He "ll eventually realize that his son is honestly probably safer in the blimp than he is back on the ground, what with drunk drivers and school shootings and all that. If anything, he should be thanking you for shielding his child from the dangers of this troubled world. . This will bring him comfort and perspective, and he will calm down.. Seriously, just relax, guy. It's not like you Don't have a backup son. If you lose a kid, just take a mulligan and keep on going with the other kid. It's fine. Also, be sure to remind the guy that his son is floating around in federally protected airspace, and the FAA has procedures in place to make sure nothing bad happens up there--this is precisely why there hasn't been a second 9/11. So when it comes down to it, there is truly nothing to worry about, and if the dad can't see this, then he can fuck off. After all, you're just trying to do a nice thing for his kid. , Best Savior Ever: 5 Times Jesus Came Down To Our Church And Performed An Original Song. Medical Disaster: This Baby Was Born With Gauges. A Small List Of Instructions For Taking Care Of All My Snakes While I'm Out Of The Country For 16 Years. Lame As Hell: The Secret Door Behind The Bookcase In This Manor Just Leads To A Redbox. 6 Myths About The Vagina That Lucas Has Already Debunked At 13 Years Old, Dude's An Absolute Legend. Seafood Lovers Rejoice! Long John Silver's Has Announced They're Going To Start Fishing Reaallll Deep In The Ocean Where All The Super Fucked-Up Shit Lives. Making Progress: The Nation's Coronavirus Researchers Have Finally Finished Their Definitive Rankings Of All The R.E.M. Albums And Now They're Ready To Start Developing A COVID Vaccine.       Seeing how you almost never hear any passionate moaning or grunting coming through your ceiling, it seems that your upstairs neighbors have a pretty lackluster sex life, and so it is up to you to fix that. How many of these things have you named your WiFi network to subtly encourage them to spice things up in the bedroom?,    More and more entertainers are taking the time to reckon with their past transgressions and come forward to admit to the harm they caused by playing racially problematic roles, but we can't say we understand what exactly this actor is apologizing for: Kelsey Grammer just issued a tearful apology saying that, as a white man, he never should have accepted the role of Frasier.. Huh. Who exactly did he think Frasier was supposed to be? Frasier is just a nerdy psychiatrist who lives in Seattle. It seems like you were fine to do it, Kelsey.. Earlier today, the star of the NBC sitcom . Frasier.  made an announcement from his Malibu home to apologize for taking the role:. "In 1984, I made the decision to accept the part of Frasier Crane on . Cheers. . It became the defining role of my career, but as a white man, Frasier's story was never mine to tell. When I first auditioned for the role, I had suspicions that I'd never be capable of understanding what it was really like to be Frasier, but I told myself it was okay, because as an actor, it's my duty to play any character, regardless of my race. However, I now understand that it was my privilege, and the benefits I get from our white supremacist culture, that allowed me to believe I could ever accurately portray the experience of being Frasier.". Hmm. Does he mean that he didn't study psychiatry like Frasier did? If so, that's all good, Kelsey. Pretending to know about something like that is pretty standard acting stuff.. Kelsey Grammer began to get choked up as he continued his message:. "I had time to correct the situation when . Cheers.  spun-off into Frasier's own show, . Frasier. , but I did what was easy -- not what was right -- and I kept playing the part, even though this would have been a great opportunity for me to relinquish the role to someone who truly understood what it was like to exist in the world as Frasier Crane..  I know I can never undo the pain I caused by playing Frasier, but what I can do is pledge to be a better ally from here on out. That's why I'm.  calling on NBC to cease all syndication of . Cheers.  and . Frasier. , and I'm asking that, in the event of a reboot, NBC make the right choice and cast an actor who actually knows what it means to be Frasier so that audiences are able to see the representation they deserve.". Not sure who he thought he was playing all those years, but it seems like he's definitely sorry for it. Can't say we know exactly what you're apologizing for with this one, but we hope you find peace soon, Kelsey.,    Since the beginning of time, it has been gloves. And now more than ever, the fact that gloves are here is truer than it has been before in history: Gloves!. Yes! There can be no denying that it is gloves!. Let's start at the very beginning: gloves is a disguise your hand wears in order to hide from the winter. When gloves is gone away, the hand is "naked" (nude and with penis of hand--thumb--visible to many people). This is disgusting, and so that's why it's great news that gloves are here and when you look around gloves can be seen!. Anyone who says gloves have not arrived is simply lying! Here is the proof:. For no matter how you slice it, gloves is now involved and we cannot wait for gloves to keep happening to everyone!. There are many things that you are allowed to do while you are wearing gloves! It is not against the law to wear gloves while you are filling your car's gas tank with eels. It is also not against the law to wear gloves while you are crawling around on the floor like an animal. Both of these things are fine for gloves!. If you are ever struggling to remember about gloves, just think about the simple acronym "G.L.O.V.E.S." which stands for:. lamorous. \n. ovely. \n. h ...GLOVES!. \n. ery glamorous and lovely. \n. normous birds will find you when you are in the desert and devour you. \n. nelmuss. \n. loves is a nice. There can be no doubt that "G.L.O.V.E.S." stands for these words! When you need to think of gloves, just think of how it is with these letter and words and you'll be dwelling upon gloves like an old pro in no time.. Yes! These are the facts! . There are many types of gloves that you must wear in order to be dressed! Socks is a type of gloves for the foot, and a shirt is a type of gloves for your tits (nipples). Furthermore, your mouth is the glove of your tongue and your head is a glove for both of your eyeballs (peepers).. Beautiful and wonderful! It's just so obvious that it's gloves!. If you would like to see gloves in action, here is what it would look like if a muscle man had the head of a glove:. And here is an example of something that is NOT a glove:. In order to better demonstrate how it is gloves, here is an example of the word "glove" written big:. Here is an example of the word "glove" written big and spelled incorrectly:. These are just some of the many ways and sizes of "glove"! And that's often why we say: Gloves are here right now!. Well, the sun is going down and that means it is nighttime on my planet (Earth). Time for everyone in the world to fall asleep next to their husband and have a dream (nightmare). It's been wonderful to talk about gloves with you all, and it is gloves. Gloves are here and it's gloves for a long time. Until tomorrow, be safe and always watch out for the monster!,    Get the tissues ready, because the following story is so heartwarming that it might just bring you tears: this guy emptying out his voicemails has opted to keep one from his grandma who he figures will probably die pretty soon.. What a beautiful way to remember a loved one!. Last week, 28-year-old Dylan Newman of Austin, TX turned the routine chore of clearing out his voicemail box into an absolutely moving tribute to the matriarch of his family. Figuring that his tiny, 89-year-old grandmother realistically doesn't have that much time left before she kicks the bucket and that it's very possible she may never leave him a rambling, two-minute voicemail again, Dylan decided to save one of the three voicemails she'd left him over the last two years as a touching way to commemorate her.. The voicemail, which Dylan figures is probably his grandma wishing him a happy birthday or saying congratulations for some work thing his mom told her about, will surely bring him untold comfort when she is gone. Though Dylan's grandma doesn't have any pressing health concerns at the moment, he can be pretty sure given her age and general frailty that her death is not a long way off -- or at least that it will come decades before the deaths of people like Dylan's old boss or his best friend Justin, whose voicemails he chose to delete instead. Now, when Dylan's grandmother inevitably passes, Dylan will be able to think of her and how she made his life possible whenever he opens up his voicemail box and scrolls past the message from a contact labeled "G-ma" while trying to get to whatever voicemail he's actually trying to listen to. . Wow. We're not crying, you're crying. Any grandmother would be lucky to have a grandson as compassionate as Dylan! We're certain that Dylan will cherish this amazing tribute until the day his phone malfunctions unexpectedly and he loses all his old contacts forever. So beautiful!,    If you type the word  "hagfish " into your search bar, you're going to be bombarded with descriptions including adjectives such as "disgusting," "slimy," and "nightmarish." At first glance, these eel-like sea creatures whose pink skin covers their bodies like a loose-fitting sock and feed by boring tunnels into rotting carcasses may not seem "cute" in the traditional sense, but once you stare at them in a completely depleted, sleep-deprived state for 3 or more days solid, they're actually pretty adorable. So sit back, stay awake, and Don't consume nutrients or water while you stare for days on end at this list of 6 hagfish who you'll eventually find are actually pretty cute once you enter a state of total delirium.. Once your lips have started to go numb from lack of calories and your eyelids grow heavy with fatigue, you'll find that this hagfish isn't as wretched and horrifying as you once thought. Look into the folds of its generous skin, gaze at the tooth-like structures inside its jawless mouth, and you'll find that your brain starts to see this hagfish as being much cuter. Awww, he wants to cuddle!. Talk about a cuteness overload! Don't you just wish you could reach into this picture and give this hagfish some belly rubs? Keep staring at it and maybe you can! Hagfish can survive months without food, so it makes perfect sense that their true cuteness only becomes evident when you're on the brink of total starvation.. Just look at this special little tube! Scientists believe that hagfish have evolved little if at all over the past 300 million years, yet they can evolve from looking like giant alien worms to looking even cuter than a baby koala if you're willing to open your third eye through extreme fasting and an exhaustion-induced fugue state. Your throat may be parched and your head may be spinning, but just stare. Stare and this hagfish will share the secret of its esoteric cuteness.. Sure, if you're relatively well-rested, a hagfish can resemble an uncircumcised demon's phallus from some demented erotic nightmare. But the real magic starts to happen on day 3 or 4 of fully cleansing your body of earthly constructs such as "water" and "rest." You want the hagfish to be adorable, Don't you? As adorable as your own newborn child? So adorable you want to gently pop them in your mouth and give them a little love gnaw? Then hold your phone inches from your eyes and Don't blink, eat, sleep, or drink until it happens.. Awwww! We're going to name this one Mr. Swuggles because he's a swuggly wuggly wittle guy! Don't you just want to pick him up and squeeze his slime all over your face? This is paradise. We have broken the seal and found true paradise.. Uh oh, what's this one saying? Listen! He's trying to talk to you. "Ma ma! Ma ma!" Ohhhhh, he thinks you're his mommy! You are! You are his mommy! Hold him to your breast and let him nurse. He is hungry. He is so very hungry, just like us. He is so cute and we are so tired and hungry. Let the hagfish burrow into your skin. Let him tunnel into your thorax like a rotten whale carcass. He will live inside you forever. You love him, Don't you? He's just the cutest thing on earth, isn't he? Then let go. Let go and let him in. Let God in.,    The tragic death of President John F. Kennedy remains one of the most shocking days in United States history, but now, for the first time in over 55 years, an incredible artifact from that fateful event will be put on display: The terrifying clown mask that frightened JFK to death when Jackie Kennedy put it on as a prank is coming to the Smithsonian.. Earlier today, the National Museum Of American History announced a new exhibit that will feature the creepy rubber clown mask Jackie Kennedy Onassis wore on November 22nd, 1963, that tragically scared the 35th president to the point of cardiac arrest. The exhibit will take museum visitors moment by moment through the terrible day when Jackie O, bored after finishing up a game of tennis, found the mask in a dusty box labeled "HALLOWEEN STUFF," put it over her head, and hid behind a couch in the Presidential Bedroom Suite, unwittingly setting one of our nation's greatest tragedies in motion. . The heart-wrenching exhibit will include audio excerpts from interviews with Jackie Kennedy in which the former First Lady narrates the ill-fated prank, describing in devastating detail how, after she popped out from behind the couch and shouted "BOO!", her husband immediately went wide-eyed with terror and evacuated his bowels, clutching his chest as he backed away from the grinning clown visage that would turn out to be the last thing he'd ever see. In the emotional clips, Jackie recounts the heart-wrenching moment when Kennedy, shaking with fear, croaked out "Dracula?" and then dropped slowly to the floor, whimpering "Oh god, he finally found me," before fatally succumbing to the scare.. Additionally, a video reenactment of the terrible event will allow viewers to experience the moment when Jackie ripped off the mask and rushed to her husband's side. "Why have you taken the shape of my wife?!?" an actor playing Kennedy screams in anguish in the clip. "I just want to live!" The President then begs for help from God, yelling "Smite this creature!" while Jackie insists that it was just her under the mask, and that all she'd wanted to do was scare him a little. "You can't fool me, deceiver!" Kennedy responds angrily. "Away, beast! Away!" The video then shows the President swatting meekly at his wife with both hands as he writhes on the carpet, his face growing paler and paler as death overtakes him. . At the conclusion of the exhibit, visitors will be able to check out never-before-seen photos of Jackie Kennedy sobbing as doctors wheel her deceased husband away on a dolly, his corpse pitifully stiffened in the fetal position, his mouth a ghastly rictus. Visitors will also get to see the original print of the unforgettable image of the First Lady still clutching the clown mask as she accompanies her husband's casket on Air Force One, struggling to remain composed as Lyndon Johnson is administered the oath of office just feet away. . Incredible.. It's truly exciting that people can finally gaze upon this important American relic in person, and everyone should try to go see it if they can, as it may very well be the most consequential clown mask in the history of not only this country, but the world. This is something you Don't want to miss!, Absolutely Heartbreaking: Your Boss Seems To Think That Your Company Is Important. Goodbye Forever: 6 Armadillos We Have Severed Ties With Permanently. Please, Whatever You Do, Do Not Use The Slider To Throw Mud And Scorpions All Over These Nice Grandmas. Fuck You: We're Putting  "Family Guy " At Number 1 On This List Of  "Best TV Shows Ever " And  "The Sopranos " Isn't Even On It. What "re You Gonna Do? Blow Up Our Office? We're All Working From Home, Motherfuckers!. Heartbreaking: The Plagues Of Egypt Have Been Sent Upon Dr. Ruth. Aw, So Sweet! This 32-Year-Old Thought Of The Cleverest Little Joke To Post On Social Media!. Doesn't Bode Well: The Only Thing This Woman Is Excited To Wake Up For In The Morning Is The Coffee She Drinks Approximately Three Minutes Into Her Day.       In a year when everything seems to be going wrong, here's a story that will take you back to simpler, happier times and give you some brief respite from the chaos: Someone just discovered a discarded iTunes gift card with $0.30 left on it. . Wow. It truly takes your breath away to see such a beautifully preserved relic of a forgotten world. . Earlier this week, Sarah Jaffrey, a freelance photographer based in Houston, TX, uploaded a photo of the iTunes gift card to Instagram and marveled as it immediately went viral, transporting millions of people to the halcyon days of yore when everyone's homes were littered with similarly depleted iTunes cards that they felt too bad to throw away because they technically still had money on them, although not enough to actually buy anything. . The photo was accompanied by a long, emotional caption from Jaffrey, who revealed that she found the gift card while digging through her childhood dresser recently and was moved to tears by the flood of memories it triggered. From the day she first received the gift card as a reward for being a good sport about getting braces to the day she spent most of its $10 in value on a few songs from the . Wicked . soundtrack and a couple discounted Michael Buble Christmas tunes, she recalled how it not only allowed her to fill up, like, half the storage on her iPod Nano, but it also symbolized the freedom of youth and the tragedy of unrealized potential.. "This card rescued me from the virus-plagued depths of Kazaa and offered me access to a vast world of music and culture, and for this I am grateful," Jaffrey wrote in her caption. "However, I cannot help but mourn all that could've been. Those remaining 30 cents could've been used towards downloading Flo Rida's "Low" or even a rental of . Bend It Like Beckham. , but instead I foolishly let the gift card gather dust in my junk drawer, a monument to squandered promise. Let this card be a reminder to never take anything for granted, for the world is always changing, and what's possible today may be inconceivable tomorrow.". Uh, we're not crying, you're crying. . Thanks to Jaffrey for showing us this iTunes card and reminding us of a world we once knew. It is a beautiful, heartrending thing to behold.,    Sometimes it can feel like there isn't any justice in this world, but here's a story that proves that you ultimately can't outrun karma--especially if you're one of the slowest piece-of-shit creatures in existence: According to researchers, eastern painted turtle populations have decreased three percent since 1955. . Yes! Seeing these bitch-ass turtles finally getting their comeuppance is giving us life!. Everyone knows the eastern painted turtle is the most bullshit, pointless species in the animal kingdom, seeing how they're basically just sentient rocks that for millions of years have just loafed around getting fat off the land while contributing jack-fucking-shit to the world around them. Thankfully, there's now hard evidence that these green dumbfucks are simply too shitty to hack it in the wild, with their numbers currently dwindling at such a dramatic pace that their whole miserable species could be squealing in the fires of Hell by the end of this millennium. These wet morons and their dead-eyed spawn have long been making their homes primarily in swamps on the East coast of the United States, but instead of sacking up and adapting to their changing environment like normal, respectable animals do, the eastern painted turtles have stupidly opted to just retreat into their shells like cowards and do nothing while getting cucked by their ecosystem on the daily, leaving them pitifully vulnerable to raccoon predation and other natural hazards.  . Indeed, natural selection clearly took one look at the eastern painted turtle and said "No, thanks," and now these little bitches are all but begging for humans to come bail them out with a conservation project. But guess what, turtles? Humans aren't going to do jackshit for you. If we're gonna save an animal, it's going to be an animal that's actually useful and doesn't just spend all its days lazily squirming around on its belly. Like a lion, for instance. If eastern painted turtles want any help, they'll need to get it from monkeys or dogs or something, because mankind wants nothing to do with their sorry asses.. Bye, bitches! Don't let the door hit you on the way out!. It seems like it's only a matter of time before the eastern painted turtle fucks off for good, and we, for one, could not be happier. Sorry not sorry, you semi-spherical fucks! Next time read up on some Darwin and try not to act like you belong in a trash can, and then maybe things will work out better for you. Peace, losers!,    Goddamn. If you're in Chicago, stop what you're doing and head to the Trader Joe's on Clybourn because there's an impressive display of confidence going down that will absolutely blow your mind: This guy is scarfing down the free samples without even doing that pretend curious glance at the product's box.. Whoa. Dude's got nerves of steel!. Much to the awe of his fellow shoppers, 28-year-old Brad Norman has been boldly stationed at the Trader Joe's free sample table for a good several minutes now, brazenly scarfing down nearly half a tray of the complimentary mac and cheese bites without even pretending to be interested in buying the product. While most shoppers would at the very least humor the employee handing out the samples with half-assed questions like, "Mmm, what's in these?" or "So is there a sale going on with these right now?" Brad hasn't even bothered making eye contact with her, completely ignoring her spiel about how quick and easy the bites are to prepare while he continues to stuff the samples down his gullet with icy disregard towards the established Trader Joe's norms.. Even when the employee tried to explain to Brad that there were seven different kinds of cheese in the bites, he couldn't even be bothered to grunt out a polite "Oh, yum!" or "You can never have enough cheese!" to make it seem like he's actually considering buying a box for himself. Nope, he's instead making it unmistakably clear that he is a man of no shame who is only there to take advantage of free food, and he knows that no one will stop him because he is technically not breaking any rules. He knows that the customer is indeed always right, even if what they're doing feels so, so wrong. . Wow. This guy's got some seriously huge . cojones. . . At press time, Brad had just succeeded in depleting the entire tray of samples, and sources say that he is now walking around the store while keeping an eye on the sample table, presumably so that he can swoop in and continue indulging himself as soon as the mac and cheese bites are replenished. Goddamn, if this is how the guy behaves with just a single free sample table, imagine what kind of damage he could do in a freebie wonderland like Costco--he could eat his entire body weight in a single lap around the store! While we can't say we respect Brad and his borderline sociopathic grocery store behavior, we are admittedly very, very impressed.,    Better grab yourself a drool bib, seafood lovers, because something pretty tasty-sounding is coming to one of America's most beloved fast food chains: Long John Silver's has announced that they're going to begin offering fish from reaaallll deep in the ocean where all of the super fucked-up shit lives.. Yum! . In a press release put out earlier today, the seafood chain revealed plans to begin deep-frying whatever freaky creatures they can trawl up from the eerie abyss of the ocean floor, which is definitely exciting news for anyone who's ever dreamed of dunking one of those fish with flashlight bulbs dangling off their heads in a little cup of tartar sauce. As the pandemic continues to pummel the restaurant industry, Long John Silver's is hoping to recover some lost business by offering an eclectic array of menu items that can't usually be obtained through a drive-thru window, whether it's bioluminescent octopi with telescopic arms, eyeless ballooning exoskeletons with menacing fangs, translucent giant squid with thousands of squirming mandibles, or any other nightmarish alienoids that lurk among the lightless chasms of the Pacific's deepest, most inhospitable trenches. . "At Long John Silver's, we're going where no man has ever gone to bring you new depths of flavor," said the press release. "Introducing our Morsels Of The Deep menu, where you can find all of the deep-sea's gooey, shape-shifting monstrosities fried golden brown and served with a piping-hot side of hush puppies. We're traveling seven miles below sea level to bring you bites unlike anything you've tasted before, serving up quivering, many-tentacled delicacies for the whole family. If you've ever read an HP Lovecraft story and thought, . I'd love to put some of these fucked-up monsters inside my mouth. , then you'll want to hurry down to Long John Silver's and sink your teeth into these limited-time menu offerings!". The company also launched a commercial spot touting the new menu in which a husband and wife drift through the Mariana Trench in a deep-sea submersible and notice a curious strobing light in the distance, which, as they cautiously approach, reveals itself to be a massive, pulsing jelly creature covered in jagged barbs. "What is that thing?" the wife cries in terror, to which the husband simply replies, "Lunch!" The organism then shrieks and recoils from the submersible's headlights before exploding into a great phosphorescent cloud of slime and teeth, at which point the husband and wife both exclaim "Mmmm mmm!" before a narrator chimes in announcing that fish like these are now available at Long John Silver's.. Wow! We're getting hungry just thinking about it!. It's awesome to see a company boldly going where the incredibly fucked-up shit that basically makes you throw up the second you see it lives to satisfy the cravings of seafood fans everywhere. Who knows what great new otherworldly flavors will be discovered as Long John Silver's mines the succulence from the unexplored depths of our planet's final frontier and sells it in combo meals with hush puppies and coleslaw for $7.99? We can't wait to find out!,    Lucas might only be in the eighth grade, but the dude seriously knows his shit when it comes to misinformation about vaginal health. Here are six myths about the vagina that our main man has already debunked at just 13 years old. What a goddamn legend!. So, the other day, the homies were all calling each other douchebags while waiting to get picked up after basketball practice, and Kevin was like, "Do you guys even know what a douchebag is? It's a plastic bag girls have to use to clean out their vaginas." Everyone was just gonna take his word, but then Lucas, being the fuckin' king he is, turned that shit into a teaching moment by explaining how products like douches are actually mad unnecessary because the vagina can mostly clean itself. And then Kevin was like, "Nah, dude, ask any girl, they have to wear douchebags all the time so their pussies Don't stink," at which point Lucas straight-up WENT OFF on him with facts about how fragrant products can cause irritation or even bacterial infection, and all you need is mild soap and water to clean the vulva. It was fuckin' nuts, oh my god. Like, how does a 13-year-old know all this shit?!? . Witnessing Lucas debunk this one was absolutely epic. Last week at lunch, Lucas overheard some girls at the next table talking about discharge and how it was gross and you needed to go to the doctor for it. Then Lucas, chill as hell, calmly leans over to them and is like, "Nah, nah, that shit ain't gross. Discharge is natural, and all women experience it to some degree--just depends on what's normal for your body. There's really no reason why you'd need to reach out to your healthcare provider about discharge unless you notice, like, crazy-ass sudden changes happenin' down there. Otherwise it's all good." Like, damn, the dude even knows more about this shit than the girls. So tight!  . Okay, so last week one of the guys was sayin' all this shit about how he heard that a girl's vagina keeps getting more and more stretched out every time she has sex, and then it gets, like, CRAZY stretched out when giving birth--like, to the point where it's just dangling all loose like a sweatshirt sleeve, and it stays like that for good. But, of course, our boy was there to hit him with the cold truth. Luc went into this, like, 10-minute explanation about how it's a common misconception that childbirth permanently wrecks your shit, saying that, while it's true that the female genitals can experience some change with childbirth, the fact is that the vag is a muscle and it can totally bounce back after popping out a baby. Then he was all like, "What's crazy is that lots of pregnant people Don't even know this shit--that's how pervasive a myth like this can be. It's fucked up." And then everyone kinda just nodded like, . Yeah, that is fucked up. . He really opened everyone's eyes that day. It was dope.  . Did you know that having severe period pain is something you should ask your doctor about? None of the homies knew that--at least, that is, until Big L came around and educated their stupid asses. The whole crew was hangin' outside Dairy Queen a while back, and Connor was saying some shit about how when girls get their periods, the pain is so nuts that they gotta take, like, a whole week off school and just lie in bed suffering. Lucas heard this and just sorta shook his head and laughed a little, and then he stopped eating his Dilly Bar for a sec and was like, "Hold up, what?" He then put Connor in his place with all these facts about how menstrual pain should generally be pretty manageable and if a girl is hurting so bad that she has to miss a week of school, then something's probably wrong. Then Connor was like, "Dude, I'm not lying, my big sister misses, like, five days of school a month because of her periods." Lucas looked real concerned when he heard this, and he was like, "Damn, bro, she shouldn't be hurting like that," and then he urged Connor to tell his sister to go to the doctor because she might very well have something called endometriosis, and if so, there are definitely some solid options she could look into for managing the pain. Like, C'mon, that's some smooth shit right there. The dude can't even drive yet but he's spittin' truth about menstrual pain like a seasoned gynecologist!. Last year, when everyone had to watch the childbirth video during the sex ed unit in health class, there was this wild close-up shot of a woman's vagina, and one of the boys in the back of the room piped up like, "Damn, look at all them pubes--that coochie's dirty as hell!" But without missing a goddamn beat, Lucas turned around and invalidated the fuck out of that myth, saying, "Actually, there's nothing unclean about pubic hair, and how you choose to groom your body is totally up to you. Hair, no hair, some hair? It's all fresh, bro." It was crazy. Like, even the health teacher was impressed. Lucas is the GOAT.. Yo, so this is secondhand intel here, but Cody told this crazy story a while back about how he went over to chill at Lucas's house and Lucas's older sister was talking to one of her friends on the phone about how she wanted to get an IUD but was worried it could make her infertile. And you can probably guess what happened next. Yep, Lucas debunked the fuck out of that shit. He was apparently like, "What year is it, dude?" And she was like, "Um, 2020." And Lucas was like, "That's right. And the only model of the IUD that caused infertility stopped being produced when?" His sister was silent, and Lucas said, "The 19-fucking-70s. An IUD makes you no less likely to get pregnant than people who never had one. You'll be totally fine, sis, though--real talk--you should be mindful of the differences between a hormonal IUD and a copper one when deciding what's right for you, as there are pros and cons for each." AND THEN HE FUCKING GAVE HER A PAMPHLET! Like, holy hell! That's some legendary shit right there. Seriously, Lucas is the fucking man. ,    You might want to stay off Twitter today, because one brand is having a pretty embarrassing meltdown that's just pathetic to witness: Talbots just went on a furious Twitter rant asking why they can't be one of those dorky brands that everyone randomly decided is actually cool now.. Oof. Not a good look, Talbots.. It's unclear what specifically provoked the fashion brand to go off, but given the tone of the tweets they sent, they are obviously extremely angry. See for yourself:. Wow. . We're trying our best to sympathize with Talbots here, but you have to think there's a better way for them to drum up new business than cussing out strangers on Twitter. Just chill out, Talbots. Your day will come, Don't worry.,    Alright ladies, it's time to get excited, because we've got some awesome news that's going to completely shake up the way you use the internet: there's probably a new women's lifestyle website called, like, "Whores" where you can learn about face creams or ghosting or whatever.. Hell fucking yes! . If you're looking for a major feminist win today, look no further, because there's a good chance that when you Google something like, "actually comfortable leggings," or "why didn't he respond to my text," the first result will be a brand new women's interest site that is apparently popular and possibly reputable! The site, which probably has a tagline like "finally, a feminist answer to sexist media," is maybe named something like "Whores" or "Sluts," . but with a domain name like "the-whoresblog.com" or "sloots.biz" since the normal spellings were already taken by porn sites! And if this epic new ladies " website hasn't named itself after a historically offensive word for a woman in an attempt to reclaim the term, then it's probably some cutesy word like "Thimble," though it'll almost definitely be spelled "Thymble" for no apparent reason!. So amazing! There's got to be something about this website's whole deal that's empowering in some way!. In all likelihood, the website's homepage is full of articles on all sorts of feminist stuff, like switching to a Diva Cup, being bisexual, loving your body despite weight gain, doing your makeup (with long preface about how no one . needs.  to wear makeup), being bisexual with a chronic illness, and making DIY face masks that use like, avocado or chia seeds or some shit like that. And even better, all of these articles are likely part of some theme week called like, "The Be Your Best You Challenge" or "The-WhoresBlog.com's Body Positivity Pledge!" You can expect dozens of new posts on the site each day, but most of them will be no more than 350 words, making it unclear whether the whole thing is run by like, six freelancers or a huge, full-time writing staff of accomplished journalists!. The site's color scheme is almost certainly millennial pink!!. If you're a woman, you're probably jumping for joy thinking about how this new site must have recently published some long form piece called "In Defense Of The Bad Boy" or whatever, where someone wrote like 10,000 words about toxic masculinity or the patriarchy or that kinda thing --though in the end, it's mostly just a brag about how all of the author's relationships were with men who owned motorcycles. And right below that journalistic bombshell, there's probably also a list called like, "The 40 Best Vibrators To Buy Right Now," and whoever wrote the list will spare no detail while explaining how she tested all of them herself!. The vibrator listicle is probably somehow sponsored content for Lady Speed Stick deodorant! Forty vibrators is an awesome and normal amount of vibrators to own!. If you scroll down the site far enough, you'll almost definitely come across an article about sexual assault allegations against a pop punk band you've never heard of from New Jersey (or a place that might as well be New Jersey.) It won't really be clear whether or not the piece was well-reported, but it's all water under the bridge at this point because by now the band's lead guitarist probably either wrote a Notes App apology that the site called "a perfect example for other men on how to apologize" or just straight up shot himself in the head!. Wow. This is so awesome! Feminists, if you've ever wanted to , A Good Run: Rupert Grint Just Announced That He Has Eaten Pussy Twice And Is Ready To Receive Lethal Injection. Pretty Disappointing: Only 3 Of The 178 Sexual Positions In This Sex Guide Under Your Parents " Bed Have A Little Checkmark In Pencil Next To Them. 5 Tom Hanks Movies That Taught Me Life Is Probably Not Worth It. 5 Shiny Objects Mommy Will Now Make Dance In Front Of Our Faces. 6 Clams Who Still Need Dates To Clam Prom. The Oral History Of  "Abbey Road ". Dude Calm Down. This Guy Is Screaming While Getting Attacked By A Bear Even Though He's Seen Like A Million Bears On TV And In Magazines And Stuff.       Ah, Sir Nondgren! Fearless imparter of eminent wisdom, peerless thinker of impeccable repute! There is truly nothing better than reading the writings of the insightful man of letters himself, beloved author and descendant of the noble Nondgren line! Here are 7 essential quotes from the one, the only: Sir Nondgren!. Known both for his fiction and nonfiction works, Sir Nondgren spent much of his life at his writing desk. More than one hundred years later, many aspiring writers still look to his counsel on the creative life. Here, Nondgren refers to his famous 1901 short story, . "The Fat Dog Came A-BUSTING Out Of His Suit," . a tale of an overfed beagle that has been anthologized hundreds of times since.. Nondgren's advice on the writing trade is indispensable!.  . Sir Nondgren's musings on the terrible stench emitting from his family members are considered among the best autobiographical works of the Victorian era. This is the perfect quote for anyone whose family, like Sir Nondgren's, "emitted odors most horrendous, odors which became more off-putting each day and, occasionally, made me long to stuff them into a dumpster once and for all." This quote perfectly encapsulates the learned man's view on what it is to be blood with someone!. Ah! Truer words never spoken. It was in his 1894 essay, . The Bathroom Is BAD, . where Sir Nondgren first made this proclamation. Historians say he lived by this strict edict until his death. . The great paradox of friendship is expressed perfectly in this quote from Sir Nondgren's . Musings On Relationships And Monsters. . Who among us would not sacrifice our best friend to a scary Frankenstein-type guy if it came to that? Thank you for this wisdom, good sir!. You might have seen this inspirational quote about life re-printed on various mugs and refrigerator magnets, and for good reason. It is a Sir Nondgren classic! Sir Nondgren was well known for ending his immortal quips with his signature phrase, "And EEP!" In fact, witnesses say that these were his last words before his death from diarrhea caused by gastroenteritis in 1907.. Sir Nondgren had a notorious hatred for all things natural, especially the sun. His pamphlet on the idea that the sun helps plants grow, which he called "utter hogwash," and "blatant propaganda," was widely distributed throughout England during his lifetime. As a result, Sir Nondgren's attempt to shoot a gun into the sun and kill it in 1899 was widely attended, though unsuccessful.. Yes, Sir Nondgren had a flair for poetry as well as prose. He often ended writings with this rhyming verse to remind his readers of who he was: Sir Nondgren, the one and only! What a joy it is to read his words. May Sir Nondgren's wisdom live on!,
    The 75 acres that make up the sprawling Ainsley Estate are full of fascinating delights and mysteries, but what could have been one of its most captivating features has unfortunately turned out to be pretty fucking lame: the secret door behind the bookcase in the Ainsley manor library just leads to a Redbox.. Wow. What a letdown.. Hundreds of years ago, when the Ainsley manor was first built, its owner installed a secret door in the home's private upstairs library, which opens onto a dank, cobwebby hallway. It's the kind of place where you might find a safe full of jewels, or a secret lair, or a dungeon full of captive enemies, but instead, all the Ainsley family has ever kept there is a stupid Redbox kiosk. Many a curious maid or sneaky houseguest of the Ainsleys " has surely gasped in shock when they entered the library, innocently grabbed the lever disguised as a copy of .  and watched in wonder as the bookshelf swung open like a door into another world. Sadly, their surprise must have been immediately followed by a overwhelming disappointment as they realized that the only thing sitting behind there is a DVD vending machine featuring copies of films like .  and .  that the user can rent on DVD for $1 or Blu-Ray for $2.. Of all the things to put back there, a Redbox? Pathetic.. Worse still, the Redbox is not even privately owned by the Ainsley family -- the family members themselves still have to pay for each movie they rent using a credit or debit card. And every so often, an unlucky visitor will attempt to open the secret passageway while the Redbox maintenance guy is in there, and have to stand there for ten minutes while he loads new DVDs and services the machine. There is perhaps nothing more thrilling than stumbling upon an old secret door you were never meant to know about, and there's about nothing worse you could find inside than the big stupid red movie machine that they usually have bolted to the wall in a CVS parking lot.. Man. This sucks. There's not even one skull or secret diary in there. Just DVDs of movies that you can stream for less money online.. The Ainsley estate still has its charms, and there are many dank and scary areas like the wine cellar and the groundskeeper's shed to explore, but this secret passageway is a major bust. Let's hope they put this Redbox in the dumpster and find something way cooler to keep back there!,
    As you know, I must leave the country for 16 years due to my emergency and I need you to take care of all of my snakes while I am away. It should be no big deal, but here are just a few small instructions.. There are bags of rats and mice in the basement. Use a garden hose to measure all my snakes and feed mice to all the ones that are smaller than the hose and feed rats to all the snakes that are bigger than the hose. If the rodents are still alive the snakes will eat them without much fuss, but if they're dead you've got to use a stick or something to wiggle them around to make them seem alive. I'm sure you can figure it out. Obviously, the supply is going to run out pretty quickly, so I've left you the business cards of a few local rodent breeders to call. I usually try to restock once a week. There's $7,000 cash in my dresser for mice and rats to feed my snakes, and when that runs out I'll mail some more.. I have no way of knowing which snakes are pregnant right now, so just assume all of them are. you're going to be dealing with a lot of eggs, and you're going to have to keep them all at the right temperature. You can either put them under a heat lamp or sit on them, it's your call. Once they hatch, you can keep them with their mother for a few weeks, but plan on picking up some additional vivariums soon to house all the new snakes. I like to keep their environments as natural as possible, so load them with live plants and mosses, and maybe make some bird sounds for them every now and then so that they think they're in the jungle. you're seriously the greatest for helping out with this.. Jerry can get you some snake tongs. Do NOT attempt to touch Serpentor yourself. Serpentor is the best of all my snakes at escaping, so maybe put Reptile World on speed dial and be sure to tip Jerry for his time (I will send money for this from abroad).. They really Don't drink much, but I prefer their water be kept as fresh as possible, so every morning make sure you go ahead and pour out the old water, sanitize the water bottle inside and out with soap and very hot water, and refill with fresh filtered water. Once you get the hang of it you can get all the bottles changed out in 45 minutes or less. I really appreciate it.. Warm some non-chlorinated filtered water to between 100 and 105 degrees and fill the kiddie pool a few inches deep. Bathe the snakes one at a time for about 8 minutes each, then dry with a fresh towel. Making bird sounds while giving them their bath helps because, again, it makes them think they're in the jungle, which calms them down and makes them thrash around less. There is no way to make them stop thrashing entirely.. My landlord rarely stops by, but I Don't want to cause any problems for the guy I'm subletting from if she does. She doesn't know I'm living there, and she definitely doesn't know I've got snakes, so it's going to be a real shit show if she finds them.. The number of snakes I currently own will fluctuate wildly during the 16 years that I am out of the country. Sometimes I will be selling snakes and sometimes I will be purchasing large quantities of new snakes. If you could help show my snakes to potential buyers and set up the new snakes that come in the mail, it would really help out until I get back.. There should be a strip of tape on every snake. If not, consult Google if you get bit.. Any snakes that die should be frozen and shipped to the tannery immediately.. Some of these skins go for a lot on eBay so I really need you to be sure that they get frozen and shipped out ASAP after they die. Thanks again, bro. This is really helping me out while I'm traveling for the next decade and a half.. I texted you some links to YouTube videos on how to do it. The poisonous ones need to be milked every week because I sell the venom to hospitals to make antivenom. Please be careful when doing this! There is an old saying in the snake community: "If you die from getting bit by a poisonous snake, there is no way to reverse that." Again, try making bird sounds while doing the venom milking so that they think they're in the jungle. It will help to keep them calm. Once you sell the venom to the hospitals, please take all the money you receive and bury it in my yard until I come back. Do NOT forget where you've hidden the hospital money (if you need to, draw a treasure map).. I Don't keep all my snakes in the kitchen and the living room. They're all over the house and also in the garden shed. Basically, assume every room and enclosed space in my house has many snakes living in it.. Tell him whatever you need to, but do not let him anywhere near my snakes. It's a long story, but basically this guy is dangerous, both to snakes and people, so you Don't want him around. you're the best for helping me out like this!. The lease runs out then, so you'll have to find a suitable place to move them to and have a whole-house humidifier installed. Hopefully, you can find somewhere that isn't such a long drive from your place.. OK, that about does it! Unfortunately, I'm not sure there's going to be a good way to get a hold of me while I'm gone, so let me know if you have any questions before I take off for the next 16 years. Again, I really appreciate it!,    Things are usually pretty quiet here at First Presbyterian Church Of Wilmington, but every once in a while the Son of God Himself will appear at one of our services in the flesh and bless us with an original song. We're not really sure why He does it, but we're certainly not complaining. He is seriously the best savior of all time! . The first time Jesus showed up at our church was a few years ago during the offertory. We were singing "Be Thou My Vision" when all of a sudden the sanctuary doors exploded open and, without any introduction or explanation, the resurrected Messiah sprinted full-speed down to the pulpit, snatched the mic from the worship leader, and started singing a hymn He wrote called  "Sega Dreamcast, Guide My Heart". Everyone was just staring at Him in total awe as He belted out stanza after stanza, singing lines like "Crazy Taxi, fill my heart / Tony Hawk, help me see" in His very high falsetto. None of us ever thought we would get a chance to behold our Savior here on Earth, so it was definitely a huge surprise to see Him in our little church singing about how He loves video games but only gets to play them after God goes to bed because God thinks they're a waste of time. It was the most special thing any of us had ever witnessed! . We all figured Jesus appearing to sing to us was a one-time thing, but He ended up showing up again just a couple weeks later at our Easter service, where He performed a three-hour rock opera about the Old Testament that was honestly pretty terrible. The incredibly long-winded song started out with a meandering 20-minute meditation on God creating the waterfowl and then continued from there with a chapter-by-chapter retelling of every single thing that happened in the Old Testament, with Jesus seemingly improvising every single part, including a cringey emo-ish interlude about Abraham impregnating Hagar that Jesus clearly intended to be deeply moving but instead just made everyone pretty uncomfortable. Front to back, the whole performance was undeniably a disaster, but to be fair, music has evolved quite a bit since Jesus lived on Earth. Maybe the song would've been an absolute banger back in His day.  . After the rock opera debacle, it was over a year before Jesus came to sing for us again, but when He finally did show up, He really pulled out all the stops. He appeared in the middle of a children's choir performance wearing one of those neon green fedoras that you wear at middle school dances. He then shooed all the kids off stage, turned on an instrumental of "Sweet Caroline" on a boombox, and launched into a silly parody song about His butt that went like, "Sweet butt o " mine (oh oh oh) / My butt never looked so good (so good, so good, so good)". The kids in the congregation went crazy for it, and it was nice to see them so excited about the man who died for all of our sins. It was a great day to have Jesus at our church, and we were all smiling from ear to ear!. One of Jesus' best performances was when He showed up at our church's spring fair and commandeered the loudspeaker system to teach everyone a dance called "The Jesus Slide". First of all, He floated straight down from Heaven into the parking lot where we were holding the fair, which was awesome to watch. And then, as soon as He hit the ground, He started yelling dance commands, like "Sink down to the ground! Now howl at your friend! Howl a lil " louder! Jesus Slide, everyone!" He got everyone moving, even the old grandmas who were manning the ticket booth. It was definitely a spring fair to remember, and He was so happy with how it went that He made thousands of Tootsie Rolls rain down over everyone. Of all the Lords and Saviors in the world, we're glad Jesus is ours, because He really showed us a good time that day.. Maybe the fair tired Jesus out, because the next time He showed up at our church He sort of phoned it in. We all got excited when He yelled "And now it's time for another original Jesus Christ musical extravaganza!" but as soon as He started, it was pretty clear He didn't have anything original because He basically just sang "Bohemian Rhapsody." To be fair, He did throw in a couple original lyrics here and there, although it honestly seemed like He was just doing that because He couldn't remember the real words. At one point He just stopped singing altogether and instead tried some weird jazz scatting, but that was pretty unremarkable too. He eventually sort of just ran out of steam and ended the song by awkwardly shouting, "And that's ...The Jesus Rhapsody!" Then everyone clapped for Him, although only to be polite--no one actually thought the song was good. But even though it wasn't His best, it was nonetheless just a huge treat to see our Savior in person. We can't wait  "til He shows up next time!,    There's nothing wrong with looking to the little things in life to bring you joy, but when you're depending on the little things as your sole source of happiness, then that's pretty fucking sad. Point in case: the only thing this woman is excited to wake up for in the morning is the coffee she drinks approximately three minutes into her day.. Yikes. Sounds like a pretty bleak existence, lady. . As someone living alone during a time of quarantine, life isn't particularly exciting for Melanie Higgins of Portland, Oregon. In fact, she's got so little going on that the literal high point of each and every day for her is when she wakes up and gets to quietly enjoy a cup of coffee for several minutes. After this brief window of pleasure, pretty much nothing worthwhile happens for the rest of the day, and so she just occupies her time with pointless bullshit until it's time for bed.  When she's sitting on the couch in the evening feeling down, Melanie often fantasizes about how in just 12 hours she "ll be able to enjoy a delicious cup of drip coffee in the handcrafted ceramic mug she got on vacation in Montana last year. This would be a perfectly respectable ritual if not for the devastating fact that the momentary pleasure she gets from her cup of joe has the impossible task of carrying her through the entire rest of her interminable-seeming day, buoying her through her uninspired breakfast of cornflakes, her solitary afternoon spent staring at the computer, her sub-par YouTube yoga workout, and her nightly three-hour session of reality TV.. Sadly, it recently got to the point where Melanie purchased a bottle of expensive vegan creamer to "spice up" her coffee routine, pathetically attempting to wring as much pleasure as possible out of the lone highlight of her day. Each time she opens the door to her refrigerator to take out yet another portion of her meal-prepped lunch, she sees the creamer and experiences a pitiful little jolt of excitement, feeling weirdly proud to own such an upscale grocery product, as she has seen a couple of celebrities using the same creamer on Instagram, and this gives her a momentary sense of proximity to fame. While it'd undoubtedly be nice if Melanie had a couple of other little pleasant things to look forward to during her days, like perhaps a small herb garden she could tend to or maybe a cute dog that regularly passes by her window, the devastating reality is that she's really got jackshit going on, and the only thing that pulls her out of the hazy monotony of her everyday existence is the taste of the piping-hot Costco-brand coffee that she so eagerly enjoys each morning.. God, what a bummer. . Listen, things are pretty rough for everyone right now, but it seems like Melanie is experiencing existential despair on a whole different level. Melanie, we're praying you fall in love or get a new job or something, because this coffee can't keep being the only thing you look forward to. Hang in there, girl!,
 23 Amazing Facts About Sharks That Will Blow Your Mind. Writers Take Note: The AP Stylebook Has Determined That The Word  "DUMP " Should Always Be Written In All Caps And Shouted In A Deep Voice When Read Aloud. Science FTW! Researchers Who Probably Should Have Been Working On A Coronavirus Vaccine Just Discovered A New Species Of Tree Frog!. Teens Rejoice! Pat Sajak's Head Is Floating Through Times Square Spitting On People!. Worth A Shot: Why Not Try The Coupon Code  "FREESHOES " On DSW.com?. Career Crisis: Nick Jonas Is Tweeting About Whether Or Not It's Weird That His Job Is Singing About Sexy Ladies With His Brothers. Kill Some Time: 5 Little Ducklings You Could Maybe Pray For If you're Bored.       Uh oh. Something truly devastating is happening to one of America's most beloved television personalities, and sadly it doesn't seem like there's anything we can do to help: the Plagues of Egypt have been sent upon Dr. Ruth.. Just heartbreaking.. According to sources, the Lord inexplicably began delivering his wrath upon Dr. Ruth earlier today, when the famed sex therapist turned on her shower and a torrent of blood began spraying out instead of water, drenching her head-to-toe. Covered in blood and running late for a radio appearance,  the frightened 92-year-old hurried around her apartment looking for clean water to wash herself off only to discover that blood was coming from all the faucets, leaving her with no choice but to wash herself off with a few cans of Sprite. She then rushed out of her apartment to get to her appointment but was suddenly chased back inside by a horrifying surge of thousands of screaming frogs, forcing her to retreat to her bedroom, which she was terrified to discover had become filled with a dense, suffocating cloud of gnats and lice that immediately swarmed all over every inch of her body. . "Plagues! Plagues!" she shrieked as she desperately rolled around on the floor in a futile attempt to keep the insects from cascading into her mouth and nose. "Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Ohhh, no, no, no, no, no. Please, God, make it stop! Aghhhh! Aghhhhhhh! . Bitte hilf mir, Gott. !". As she was rolling on the floor, a thunderous voice that could only belong to the Lord Most High suddenly bellowed down from the Heavens and shattered all the windows in the apartment, saying, "LET MY PEOPLE GO," which greatly confused Dr. Ruth, as she did not have any slaves. When she tearfully tried to explain this to God, the Almighty did not seem to listen, as He then declared that for so long as her heart remained hardened, He would continue to bring His wrath down upon her home and livestock. Seconds later, His voice suddenly went silent, and Dr. Ruth looked up just in time to see her dear pet Yorkie collapsed to the carpet and die, at which point a frenzied pack of jackals and flies swarmed the dog's corpse and rapidly devoured it.  . So sad!. While it's still unclear . why.  all this is happening to Dr. Ruth, sources say that the iconic TV and radio host is now scrambling to do whatever she can to ward off God's fury, including smearing lamb's blood on her doorway and denouncing her Jewish faith to convert to Christianity. Unfortunately, none of this seems to be helping, as just last hour every bit of her 4 " 7" body broke out in incredibly painful boils, forcing her to cancel a cover shoot for . Ladies Home Journal.  that she'd been looking forward to for months.   . God, poor Dr. Ruth.. At press time, a great weeping and gnashing of teeth could reportedly be heard coming from Dr. Ruth's apartment as a biblical storm of hail and fire had begun battering the roof of her building, damaging it beyond repair. And if the Book of Exodus is any indication, it's likely that Dr. Ruth will soon see a plague of locusts and perhaps even the death of her son, the latter of which is a possibility that has her especially concerned. Tragically, it seems that her decades of sex expertise are basically useless in terms of quelling God's anger, and there's probably nothing she can do at this point to stop God from finishing delivering His judgement. Hang in there, Dr. Ruth! America loves you!,    We want ClickHole to be a safe and welcoming place for everyone, but that can only happen if each person does their part. Hence, we are asking that our readers please refrain from dumping mud and scorpions all over these sweet old ladies. Yes, we realize that it would be incredibly easy to prank these unsuspecting grandmas, and we admit it'd probably be a lot of fun, but the fact is that they've done absolutely nothing to deserve our cruelty, and ultimately it's just not something we can tolerate on our website. Please, please just leave them be.,    Hey, what's up shitheads? Here is our list of the Best TV Shows Ever. The first thing you'll notice is that right up top in the number one slot is . Family Guy. , which we're ranking as the best show of all time. The second thing you'll notice is if that despite there being SIX shows on the list, NONE of them are . The Sopranos. , a stupid-ass show that only idiots like. If you Don't like these ratings, fuck you. Why Don't you come blow up our office? Well, joke's on you, dipshits! We're working from home right now due to the pandemic. Good luck killing us now! So, without further ado, here is our list of the BEST TV shows EVER.. Yep, we're saying it: .  is the best TV show of all time, bar none. No TV show in history is as laugh-out-loud amazing as . . The show's creator, Seth MacFarlane, is a genius and his talent shines through in every episode of the universally-adored show. Peter, Lois, Meg, Brian, and Stewie are like family to anyone who has ever been enchanted by this masterpiece of television. .  took the formula of the deeply flawed, underwhelming .  and actually did something good with it. If reading that pisses you off, we invite you to come murder us. Seriously, come put a bomb in our offices and blow us all sky high! Oh wait, you can't! We're all working from home, motherfuckers! . , the best show there ever has been. Fuck you..  and .  are equally good shows, so they're tied on our list as the second-best shows of all time. It's honestly pretty incredible that a show as good as .  came from HBO, the subpar network that gave us mediocre drivel like . . .  and .  are both perfect shows to watch if you've already watched .  a few times or if your .  DVDs got stolen. If you find these statements objectionable, you are welcome to come kill us, but guess what, assholes? You'll have to find us first! Our office is completely deserted! We're gonna go ahead and say that .  is every bit as good as . , and there's not a single fucking thing you can do about it!. Remember that show . ? It took place in an airport. We remember thinking it was pretty fun when we were kids, so here it is. We're the ones with the website, so we get to make the definitive rankings of the best shows ever. We Don't need to dwell on all the specifics of exactly why this show is so great here, but we do need to make it clear that any attempt to blow up our office will fail in killing us off because we aren't there. If you're lucky you might kill the fish in our office fish tank, and then you'd really look like a dumbfuck, because our fish had nothing to do with our choices for this list.. Boom! FUCK YOU. .  made it to this list of the best shows of all time twice, motherfuckers! Eat our steaming shit on a plate! Bet you really wish we were working in the office so you could mail us a pipe bomb and send us all to Hell now that we've listed .  as both the first and fourth best TV show of all time! But nope, still working from home, still totally safe from explosives of any kind. We'd just like to point out we could have used this slot for . , . , . , .  ...countless other shows that we know you dipshits love, but instead chose to just list .  for a second time, and everyone on our staff agreed with the move wholeheartedly. It's just that good! We'd also like to reiterate that there is no way you can blow us up, because we are at home. Suck our asses!. That's right, everybody! We're putting the "Gangnam Style" music video on our list of the best TV shows of all time. This is the kind of shit you can pull when you have the absolute power of writing your own website! You can yell and scream all you want, but at the end of the day, we have the authority to say that this 4-minute clip of Psy doing an obnoxious dance is a better television show than .  and .  combined! you're powerless to do anything about it! We are scattered all over the place! It would take forever to track us all down and kill us individually, and we're not going to be back in our office for months (AT LEAST)! So just sit there with your impotent rage, idiots. The "Gangnam Style" video is the fifth-best TV show of all time. It's official and permanent.. Another classic! Bet you were really hoping that we'd change our minds and end up throwing .  on here and the whole "no . " thing was just a prank, but nope. We're really not going to include it. We just Don't think it's as good as . . It's not even as good as . . Just try to blow up our office, idiots. We're not even there.,    We know dozens of armadillos who are beautiful, loyal creatures, but there are some with whom maintaining a relationship is sadly just not worth the pain. Here are six armadillos we have severed ties with permanently.. We have not had contact with this armadillo in several years, but there was a time when he was a close associate of ours. He lived in a hole near our office and would bring us bugs he found just to be friendly, and while we're not into eating bugs or anything, it nonetheless always warmed our hearts. We came to expect a visit from him every afternoon, and it became a regular highlight of our day. Unfortunately, after a while he started just bringing us gross shit he found in the trash like cigarette butts and used tampons, and even though his face was always totally expressionless, it somehow felt super mean-spirited. It just seemed like he was being a dick for no reason, so eventually we stopped going outside to see him. We reasoned we'd be much happier without his toxic presence in our lives, and turns out we were right. . This armadillo betrayed us by biting off our friend's toe and running into the forest with it at a barbecue last summer. The incident came as a shock, as we had known him intimately since he was a baby, when we found him on the side of the road eating out of a discarded Wendy's bag. Still, it was enough to convince us that he was someone we could no longer count on to hold up his end of a healthy friendship. We burned all the photos and mementos of our time together in a cleansing bonfire, which, while intense, was a supremely healing experience. Borderline spiritual, honestly.. Fuck this armadillo. He is one of the most two-faced armadillos we have ever met, and we do not say that lightly. It's difficult to even discuss what came to light when we finally saw this armadillo for who he really was, but let's just say we have not forgotten it. In fact, we have had a difficult time trusting other armadillos ever since. Wherever he is now, prancing about in his stupid little armor and sniffing things with his stupid little nose, we hope he's thinking about what he did. Good fucking riddance. Sorry, but we Don't want to talk about this armadillo anymore.. This armadillo must have escaped from the zoo or something, because last year we found him walking around a subway station downtown, looking confused and scared. We decided to take him home and keep him in a cardboard box. We had no idea at the time that he would completely ruin our summer. At first, he seemed like a laidback armadillo who we all enjoyed feeding marshmallows to, but one day he started doing this thing where he would roll himself up into a ball and then try to knock down anyone in the vicinity who was standing up, like he was bowling or something. This resulted in several bruised shins, not to mention hurt feelings. No matter how many times we nudged him away with our feet, he would not stop trying to knock us down. It was a difficult decision, but ultimately we chose to chuck him into the woods. We are honestly glad that this armadillo showed his true colors, because in the end, we are better off without him. There are so many other armadillos we'd rather spend time with.. We met this armadillo when we were on vacation in Paraguay. He was very nice initially, letting us pet him and feed him Wheat Thins out of our palms. But it quickly became clear that he was only being nice . because . we were petting him and giving him Wheat Thins, as when we'd try to approach him without treats, he'd start hissing really aggressively at us and spitting all over the place. Just not the kind of vibe you're looking for on vacation. We decided right away that we wouldn't tolerate such rude behavior, and we had one of the groundskeepers at our resort chase him off with a leaf blower. We felt a little bad doing it at the time, but we've since realized that we weren't disrespecting him--we were simply respecting ourselves. We were rightfully expecting to be treated with the same kindness and dignity with which we treat others, and for that we do not apologize.. This is the armadillo who we trained to bring us our mail from the mailbox just six months ago. Every day for several happy weeks, he'd go pick up our mail in his little mouth, scuttle back to our office, and drop it on the floor for us. We felt very comfortable interacting with him until one day, instead of our mail, he brought us a single note that read "YOU A BICH" and then scampered away, clearly delighted. Spelling error aside, you can imagine how hurtful this note was to read. We're all for second chances, but we thought this armadillo's behavior was beyond the pale and we dismissed him that same day. Though it was a tough choice, we truly believe that it was the right move for everyone involved.,    Aw jeez. Brace yourself, because the following story is definitely going to bum you out: your boss seems to think that your company is important.. God, that's about as sad as it gets.. Even though you literally just work at a digital marketing firm, not a hospital or revolutionary tech company that's trying to end child hunger or whatever, your boss is constantly giving speeches about how you're "changing the world" and "creating a better future," when in reality your company is an objectively unnecessary business that serves as a middleman between companies that buy ad placements and websites that display those ads. Your boss--a 42-year-old senior marketing strategist who describes himself in his Twitter bio as "Innovator. Futurist. Marketing wiz. Ally."--keeps a framed Bill Gates quote on his desk that reads, "To win big you have to take big risks," which is especially depressing considering that the biggest risk that could possibly be taken at your company would be, like, telling a slightly high profile client like Sherwin-Williams that they should consider investing more in their social presence or something. . Seriously, your company could stop existing tomorrow and it literally would not matter in any way. Nonetheless, your boss still seems to think that your company has the potential to be a force for good in the world, so much so that he makes the whole office come to a pointless hour-long "Think/Sync" meeting every Wednesday where he tries to get everyone stoked about being at work and asks people to "ideate" on new ways the company can "spread its mission," which basically just means get more clients. He also attempts to inspire the "tribe," as he collectively refers to everyone, with hollow corporate maxims that he comes up with and later hangs up in the kitchen, like "integrity is integral" and "every achievement starts as a dream," genuinely believing that such wack bullshit will motivate grown-ass adults to try harder at their $45,000-a-year jobs. His earnestness in these meetings is truly, deeply heartbreaking. . you've really got to feel for this guy, who clearly doesn't grasp the fact that, beyond employing 30 people who could pretty easily find another gig if this one went under, this company does not "play an essential role in the community" like he's always saying it does, nor do its employees constitute the "best team in the whole damn world" like he so proudly exclaims in emails, as if he's the starting point guard on the  "96 Bulls. The reality is that the only people who work at the company are people who weren't good enough to get jobs at cool places, and the only thing that the company actually contributes to society is annoying digital ads that people ignore while shopping online.. Perhaps what's most pitiful, though, is that your boss still gets giddy whenever he gets to talk to your company's CEO, straight-up treating him like a celebrity despite the fact that he's just some run-of-the-mill middle-aged guy who would gladly sell the business to the first available buyer. When he gets out of his monthly meetings with the CEO, he always brings back new marching orders like they're edicts from God on stone tablets, presenting them to the rest of the staff with more zeal than should be possible for someone who's literally just saying shit like "Don't be afraid to cold-call clients since they're probably all planning their budgets for Q1 right now.". Poor guy. He really cares about this shit with all his heart, and that is a tragedy.. Here's hoping your boss comes to his senses and realizes that nothing your company does matters before he wastes too much more of his life. If he were to put this much passion and enthusiasm into just about anything else, he could honestly probably leave a meaningful mark on the world--although, to be clear, we're not really holding our breath on that one.,
 Incest Alert: This Man Just Admitted To Having Sex With His Own Wife. Public Safety Win: Pennsylvania Will Open Schools For One Day In September So Everyone Can See Which Students Got Hot Over The Summer Before Returning To Online Learning. Sorry To Hear That, Billy: Billy Joel Has Revealed That That 2Pac Hologram Walked Inside Him A Few Years Back And Has Been Using His Body As A Host Ever Since. Love Is In The Air! Netflix Has Announced A New Series Where People Chat Online With Children They've Never Met And Then Choose Whether To Adopt The Child Or Marry Them. Going Plastic-Free: Coors Has Announced Their Six-Packs Will Be Held Together By A Guy. Level Up! This Man Just Bought An $8 Set Of Weird, Off-Brand Tongs From HomeGoods To Replace The $4 Set Of IKEA Brand Tongs He's Been Using Since 2013. Farewell To An Icon: The State Of California Has Paved Over Meryl Streep In Order To Construct A New Freeway.       Oh, how they glitter! Oh, how they shine! Mommy will now jiggle these gorgeous, glinting objects in front of our faces, and we will follow their every movement in awe! Thank you, Mommy!. Look! Mommy has found the sparkly elephant, and she is shaking it around right before our very eyes! The elephant, which once sat so lifeless in the toybox, now pirouettes before us, glinting in the sunlight from the living room window! We cannot help but stare at the elephant's lustrous fur as it cavorts through the air in Mommy's grasp. What a spectacle, Mommy! How do you make it dance so?. It's the keys! The keys to the house! Mommy has removed them from her purse and will now show them to us, kindly swaying them at eye level so we may behold their metallic sheen and hear their melodious jangling. Reach, reach! We must reach out so that our little hand may graze against the dazzling, sun-struck keys! Mommy will not let us have them, but by God, we must try! Oh, what a joy it would be to put them in our mouths and swallow them! Pure bliss, indeed!. Wait ...could it be? Do our eyes deceive us??? It appears there is a face that lives within the shiny surface Mommy is now swaying before us! A face that smiles when we smile, laughs when we laugh! What is this wonderful sorcery?!? By what miracle did this precious object come to be? It is like a portal into another world--a world that seems so much like ours yet also so different. Familiar yet alien, but magical all the same. Ha-ha! Look at it dance! This is fabulous. What a fabulous time we are having. . Oh, yes, we know well the shiny object now careening towards our face in Mommy's practiced hand. It is the spoon! The spoon full of applesauce! We are opening our mouths in anticipation of this marvelous treat that Mommy has prepared. Soon we shall have the sugary taste! The sugary taste that we so covet! Thank you, Mommy. Thank you. You have done it once again.. Mommy may not know it, but there is a beautiful item around her neck now swaying before us as she picks us up to put us in the crib for a nap! It is her necklace! The forbidden glassy pendant that jumps and moves each time Mommy lifts us into her arms! We want to eat it, Mommy! We want to eat this gleaming object because it is food! Please, Mommy, do not stop us from eating this beautiful necklace that you are dangling so tantalizingly before our sleepy eyes! If you did not want us to eat it, then why would you tease us so? Oh, Mommy, let us have it. Forget the applesauce--this is now the only food we ever wish to eat! Please, Mommy, let us have it. You must. We simply will not be denied!,    By the start of 1969, The Beatles had become a fractured unit. After spending nearly eight years as the most famous rock group on the planet, interpersonal conflict and financial backbiting had slowly eroded their close-knit friendships, and everyone could sense that the end of the band was close at hand. In the midst of this turmoil, The Beatles came together to record one final album, one that provided a stunning coda to their incredible career.. This is the story of how a band that was coming apart at the seams united for one last moment in order to create a monumental farewell worthy of their legacy before finally disintegrating once and for all. This is the first authentic account of The Beatles " final album, told through new testimonials from those who are still with us and archival interviews from those who have passed on. This is the oral history of . Abbey Road. .. When the first recording sessions for . Abbey Road . began in February of 1969, the anger and resentment seething within the band seemed almost insurmountable. The Beatles were clearly in their final days, and they would somehow need to find a way to set aside their personal conflicts if they wanted to record an LP that lived up to their extraordinarily high standards. They would need to find a way to create music together again..  Paul and I were fighting, and Paul calls me up and says, "Fuck you, let's make . Abbey Road. ," and so I said, "You are a Donkey's Bitch and a bug. I'll see you tomorrow." And that's sort of how it started..  John and I met in the studio to start recording demos for a few songs, but first we needed to fight each other to get all our anger out. John violently combed my hair, and I ran over John with a very special kind of machine called a humongous tank from World War II. Once we had finished fighting each other, it was time for us to put our differences aside and make some music..  The first song we recorded was "I Want You (She's So Heavy)." It is a song about lifting a gigantic woman over your head and then complaining about it.. Once we had that one solid song down, we knew that this album could be something special, so we decided to call the rest of the lads in the band. You know, George and Ringo and Paul McCartney. We were all still angry at each other, though..  Hello, I am Ringo from the Bug Boys! I spank the ass of the drums. I spank the ass of the drums while the other Bug Boys BURP up the songs for the screaming women. Here is how . Abbey Road.  happened to me: My phone rings and I pick it up and it's John Lennon and he says, "Hello, you withered old she-monkey. How has it been breastfeeding dust to retired firefighters?" And I scream, "How fucking dare you! I'll see you tomorrow to record . Abbey Road. ." And that was that.. George and I were sleeping and George sat up in bed in the middle of the night and said, "I need to go make . Abbey Road.  with people I hate," and then he got up and left the house.. And so that was great, you know, because then we had the whole band in the studio. Me and John and Ringo and Paul and George--we were all there.. However, once we had all four of us on board, we were still missing a vital ingredient: we had to get George Martin into the studio to produce the record..  It wouldn't be a proper Beatles record without George Martin producing. He's an essential part of our sound..  A lot of people say that George Martin was the Fifth Beatle, but in reality there are a lot of contenders for Fifth Beatle. There's our former manager Brian Epstein, there's our first drummer Pete Best, even Eric Clapton is in the running because of his solo on "While My Guitar Gently Weeps." But at the end of the day, I've got to say that the Fifth Beatle is Hot Mr. Bitch..  Here is how it happens in the Bug Boys: Paul and John and George BURP up the songs, Ringo spanks the ass of the drums, and Hot Mr. Bitch is the Fifth Bug Boy, no question..  I owe it all to Hot Mr. Bitch..  Sometimes I have a dream where I've never met Hot Mr. Bitch and I wake up screaming. He's the genuine Fifth Beatle for sure..  Do not ever call me the Fifth Beatle. I'm the 11th Beatle, right behind Nancy Reagan and Bowser from Mario. The Fifth Beatle is Hot Mr. Bitch. Frankly, Hot Mr. Bitch is the Fourth Beatle. Paul is the Fifth Beatle..  I met The Beatles at the zoo. I showed them how you could make the animals look smaller by standing farther away from them, and they were so grateful for this that they officially named me the Fifth Beatle. I didn't care, though.. When Paul and John called me up and told me they wanted to make another album, I honestly couldn't believe it. The last time I had seen them they were in a supermarket parking lot taking turns electrocuting each other with jumper cables and shouting horrible things at each other. Paul said that John was the reason that milk went sour, and John accused Paul of being the reason why the sun was going to explode in eight billion years. It really was an ugly scene. I didn't think they'd ever be able to work together again, but sure enough, when I got to the studio the next day, there they were trying to murder each other and getting ready to make new music.. So there we all were, the Fab Four together again just like in the old days. We were going to make a Beatles record the way we used to: everyone yelling at each other and smiling at each other and killing each other and mailing jewels to one another. The fighting and the love, it was like a family. The kind of family that girls throw their underwear at. We were ready to do it.. As recording for . Abbey Road.  began in earnest, The Beatles began to hit their creative stride. With each new recording session, the band would lay down another track that was destined to become a classic. And as the album progressed, the tension among the band members began to dissipate. The creation of a masterpiece was underway. .  It was so nice to see the Bug Boys back in action! So beautiful were the Bug Boys when they sang their stupid music! They belched out beautiful melodies like "Come Together" and they burped up lovely noises like "Something"! And I was spanking the ass of the drums and the drums were begging me to stop, screaming, "Ringo, do not spank our asses and make us go BRIFF BRIFF BRIFF (the sounds of the drums)" and I would shout back, "NEVER! My friends need me to spank your asses while they SNEEZE their music into the microphone!" That is how it is between me and the drums. I love them, but I must spank them to help the Bug Boys because the Bug Boys are my best friends.. Right from the start, the lads were on an absolute hot streak. That first week in the studio, they churned out several gems. We recorded "Come Together," which is about a man who wants his entire softball team to sit on him, and we recorded "Oh! Darling," which is about a thing you can shout at an owl if you want. We also recorded "Octopus's Garden," which was only the second song Ringo had ever written for the band, and is about a place where you can hide your sandals from thieves.. I wrote "Octopus's Garden" after a man stole my sandals. I was lying on the beach daydreaming about the number 12 when all of a sudden a man looked at my sandals and said, "These sandals are actually mine because of something amazing I did during World War II," and then he took my sandals right off my feet. I screamed and screamed and screamed. And then I bought a new pair of sandals and I hid them at the bottom of the ocean, where an octopus would guard them. I heard that that same man tried to ride a submarine into the Octopus's Garden to steal my sandals again and the octopus killed him. That's what "Octopus's Garden" is about, and I got to BURP OUT the words to the song while spanking the ass of the drums, which was very special for me.. The whole band was writing and recording wonderful songs at an incredible pace. We were really on a roll, you know.. John and I were writing music in that very collaborative way we used to in the early days of The Beatles. John would come into the studio with a guitar part, and I would add a bass line, and then John would come into the studio with a chorus, and I'd add a verse, and then John would come into the studio with a cursed frog, and I would kiss the frog to turn it into a man, and then John and me and the frog man would all stand around for a bit and then the frog man would slowly die..  We were experimenting with lots of different sonic techniques back then. Just completely pushing the envelope when it came to recording. One day, Paul dragged a dead deer he had hit with his car into the studio and recorded his vocals to "Oh Darling" while standing near the carcass. Nobody had ever recorded pop music next to a dead animal before, and the reason why the song is good is because the dead deer was in the studio when we recorded the song.. While we were recording "Oh! Darling," the dead deer that Paul had dragged into the studio was doing interesting things such as lifting its head up and screaming things like, "Still I live!" and "For some reason I have the memories of a man from the Middle Ages! I have vivid dreams about fighting in the Crusades!" and "If you get me to a hospital in the next few hours, I believe you may yet save my life! Please! I am begging you for help!" We recorded all of those weird deer noises and slowed them down, and then we used those noises for the bassline in "Oh! Darling". Then we threw the deer in the garbage.. Paul and John were writing these amazing songs, as they always did, but the stuff George was coming up with was truly unbelievable..  For a long time, Paul and John didn't respect me as a songwriter. Whenever I had a song on a Beatles record, they would call it the Dunce Section. That's why when you're listening to a Beatles record, you'll hear John introduce all my songs by saying, "Hi, everyone, welcome to the Dunce Section. Our less talented bandmate George will now embarrass himself with a little fart of a song that we're only putting on the record because his mom forced us to." . George's mom is the meanest old lady I've ever met. Whenever we were making a record, she would bash me over the head with a rolling pin screaming, "Put my ugly son's godawful music on your classic LP this instant!" And so we'd have to put George's inferior little ditties on all of the records..  Paul and John didn't even respect me after I wrote songs that people loved, like "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," which is a song I wrote about having sex with my guitar's wife while he looked on and cried. Paul and John dismissed that song as a fluke, but then I put them in their place by writing "Something".. George comes into the studio one day and he says, "I wrote a song from the perspective of Frankenstein singing about the Bride Of Frankenstein. It's called  "Something "." And John and I said, "Oh, great, here's another song your gorgeous elderly mom is going to force us to put on the album," but then he played it and I said to George, "Tell your mom that she can finally die now. We're putting that song on the record and she doesn't even need to smack us on the head.". "Something" was the first song George wrote that made me understand how Frankenstein felt about the Bride Of Frankenstein. It made me sad and it made me hungry.. So George wrote "Something" and we were all blown away, but then he managed to top himself with "Here Comes The Sun"..  I wrote "Here Comes The Sun" while I was hanging out with Eric Clapton..  George and I were sitting in the hot tub of a man we had just framed for murder, and all of a sudden George starts humming this lovely little melody. I said to George, "What song is that?" and he said, "Oh, it's a song I'm working on called  "Here Comes The Sun ". It's about the sun crashing into the Earth." And he played the whole song for me and I was blown away. It was so beautiful. All I could do was look at him and say, "I'm going to steal your wife in a few years.".  Everyone could tell right away that George's new song was a special piece of music, but he originally insisted that the song be just him and his guitar--no drums. Ringo did not like that.. How could the Bug Boys write a song with no drums for Ringo? The Bug Boys were my friends and they betrayed me! While they were recording "Here Comes The Sun," my drums were just sitting there screaming, "Spank us, Ringo! Spank our asses until we behave!" and I had to tell the drums, "I'm sorry, the drums, but the Bug Boys have written a song about the sun and there are no drums." And the drums said to me, "But if you Don't spank us, then we "ll become unruly, and we will do graffiti and kill people!" And I said, "Oh, no! Both of those are crimes!". We ended up adding drums to "Here Comes The Sun" because Ringo said that if we didn't add them, then his drums would do two types of crime, and the thought of this frightened us greatly.. The drums are the little naughty gentlemen who make the sounds! If you do not spank them, then they will do crimes.. Things were really going well at that stage. Every few days we'd write a new song, and we'd play it for Mick Jagger and it would be so good that his wig would fly off..  Goodbye to my wigs! Goodbye to happy times forever!. Every song we played blew the wig right off of Mick Jagger's head, and he would try to cover his head with string to hide his baldness, but we could tell he was bald.. "Come Together" made Mick Jagger's wig fly off. "Something" made Mick Jagger's wig fly off. "Oh! Darling" made Mick Jagger's wig fly off. Every song the lads wrote blasted the wig right off the bald fucker's enormous head.. I am so ashamed to be bald! When my wig flies off I try to cover my head with hay or Red Vines licorice, but people can always tell that it is fake!.  If you can make Mick Jagger's wig fly off into the sky with every song, then you know you're doing something right. In those early stages of . Abbey Road. , it really felt like we could do anything. It felt like we could climb the highest mountain or force a crab to lay an egg that had a squirrel inside of it. For a brief period, it felt like The Beatles would be around forever. But I should have realized that was too much to hope for.. With each new track they recorded, The Beatles added another classic song to the rock  "n' roll canon. It was becoming clear that, with . Abbey Road. , the band was creating yet another masterpiece. However, as recording of the album went on, the interpersonal tension that had plagued the Fab Four for the past two years began to rise to the surface yet again. The unity of the album's early days was fading away as creative differences and financial squabbles reared their ugly heads and led to bitter fights among the band members. It gradually became apparent that it would take more than a great album to save the band.. The tension really started getting bad when Paul showed up in the studio with "Maxwell's Silver Hammer"..  I wrote "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" after I saw a man kill about 100 people with a hammer. I said to him, "I like the way you kill people. I'm going to write a Beatles song about you," and he said, "Thank you, I appreciate it. I worked very hard to kill all these people, so it's nice that someone is finally writing a Beatles song about it." Then I asked him, "What's your name?" and he said, "Bill Gates from Microsoft," and I said, "That name is too long. I'm going to change it to Maxwell." He said that was fine.. John made it very clear that he hated "Maxwell's Silver Hammer".. I couldn't stand "Maxwell's Silver Hammer". It sounded like a Grandmother's Boat Ride.. "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" definitely did sound like a Grandmother's Boat Ride. Paul played that song and the police showed up and said, "We've received reports that there are millions of grandmothers going on a boat ride in here. That's not illegal. Goodbye.".  I remember saying, "We all hate this song, Don't we, lads?" but then George said, "I actually like it, John," and I said, "I'm going to drop a mountain on top of you.". So what if "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" sounds like a Grandmother's Boat Ride? I think it's nice when old ladies get on a boat and sail the open seas. When I listen to "Maxwell's Silver Hammer," I think of my grandmother getting on a ship to go look for buried treasure, blowing me a kiss as she sets sail, and then immediately piloting her boat over the Edge Of The World and into oblivion..  I did not like "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" because it is about a hammer that kills people. This is outrageous. Hammers Don't kill people. Drums kill people when you Don't spank them enough.. Half of the band hated "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" and half of the band loved "Maxwell's Silver Hammer". We needed a tie-breaker, so we did what we always did when there was a 50-50 split in The Beatles: we summoned a lady from the future and asked for her opinion..  EMI Studios had just gotten a state-of-the-art soundboard, which we were able to use to summon a lady from the year 2013 to be the deciding vote on "Maxwell's Silver Hammer"..  One moment I was in the White House in 2013 begging Barack Obama to brush his teeth, and the next moment I was in EMI Studios in 1969 with four weird men who wanted me to tell them if I liked a song they had written about a hammer..  So this woman from the future shows up in the middle of the studio and says, "I'm Michelle Obama from politics," and I say, "It doesn't matter who you are as long as you're from the future. Now listen to this song about hammers and murder.".  They played the song for me and I thought it was wonderful! It sounded like a Grandmother's Boat Ride!.  I said to Michelle Obama, "Don't you think this music sounds bad?" And Michelle Obama replied, "It's actually great! My three favorite things are grandmothers sailing their boats over the edge of the world into oblivion, murder with hammers, and children becoming as strong as body builders and screaming,  "I'm too strong! My muscles are more important than my brain! " And this song has two of those three things." And I said, "Shit, we've got to put this song that I hate on the record now.". Then the Future Lady  said, "While I'm here, I need to warn you about 9/11. It's when the Twin Towers fall down for no reason." And I said, "That sounds very boring." Then we sent her back to the year 2013..  The next thing I know, it's 2013 again, I'm back in the White House, and Barack Obama is putting a set of plastic vampire fangs in the dishwasher and saying, "This counts as brushing my teeth.". We ended up putting the song on the album, but I resented it. It made me think of what it would be like if I didn't have to worry about anyone else writing songs I hated--like, what if I was writing music on my own, you know? Then I wouldn't need to summon ladies from the future unless I wanted to ask them if they liked my sneakers.. After the fight over "Maxwell's Silver Hammer," the old tensions that had threatened to destroy the band started surfacing again, and we entered a pretty ugly phase.. What a sad time that was for Ringo and his drums! Every day there was a new fight for the Bug Boys! I would show up in the studio excited to see all my friends and they would always be yelling at each other. Why couldn't it be like it was at the beginning of the Bug Boys, when we were all young and our eyes were higher up on our faces near our foreheads? Now we had become old and bitter, and our eyes rested above our lips like mustaches. The tides of time had pushed enmity and greed on us like driftwood from the sea. The old resentments we had tried to drown in the waters of the past had only become more polished and defined among the relentless currents of time, and now they'd been deposited more fiercely radiant than ever upon our unguardable shores..  In the early days of the band, when we had a fight, we would just resolve it by holding our breath and whoever passed out first got to do what they wanted. But now that we were older, we all had lungs of steel and could each hold our breath for four hours like whales, so this was no longer an effective way to settle our conflicts.. I remember showing up to the studio one day, and the whole band was screaming at each other because they couldn't agree on how they should get paid..  I thought we should all get paid in eggs, because you can either eat them right away, or you can put them in a nest and sit on them until they hatch into birds or mules or eels. But John thought we should get paid in dogs..  It just makes more economic sense to get paid in dogs. Dogs eat burglars, and if you put them out in the sun, then they get pregnant and give birth to birds or mules or eels.. George thought we should get paid in wind chimes.. You can never have too many wind chimes. When they clang in the wind, the sound scares away Viking invaders, and if you hit them with a spoon, the sound they make attracts a stampede of birds and mules and eels..  Ringo was trying to calm us down. He didn't care how he got paid as long as we were all getting along..  My friends the Bug Boys were trying to kill each other with words! They all wanted to get paid with different items, so I said, why Don't we get paid in gift certificates to Old Navy, and then whenever we want to, we can go to Old Navy and buy birds and mules and eels from the children's section.. Ringo's idea of getting paid in Old Navy gift certificates wasn't a terrible idea, but unfortunately I was boycotting Old Navy because none of the onesies in their baby department fit me. I had sworn never to go back. So we had to scrap Ringo's idea and keep fighting..  I wanted to spank the Bug Boys to make them behave, but I knew that would have made my drums jealous and they would act out by doing graffiti and killing people.. The band was quite dysfunctional at this point..  This is why I Don't agree with people who blame The Beatles " breakup on Yoko Ono. There were much bigger problems than Yoko, and they existed long before she showed up in the studio.. The whole band actually really liked Yoko. The only problem was that she had this cardboard box that she forced us to guard while we were recording, and that led to some difficulties..  One day, Yoko shows up to a recording session with a cardboard box. I say, "Hi, Yoko! How's it going?" And she says, "Shut up. This is Yoko's Special Box. You must guard it with your life.". You must understand, this was the end of the  "60s. The Summer Of Love was over and the Vietnam War was in full swing. In this time of great social upheaval, the only thing that mattered was Yoko's Special Box. It is the most wonderful box filled with the most wonderful things..  We'd try to record some music and Yoko would run into the recording booth screaming, "Why aren't you guarding Yoko's Special Box! Don't you know that weasels and pirates are going to try to steal it?" And George, Paul, Ringo, and I would say, "Yoko, please, we need to make.  Abbey Road. ," but then John was always like, "Just guard my wife's weird box! you're all acting like a famous woman has never forced you to guard a cardboard box from weasels and pirates before." So then we'd all have to stop recording and stand around Yoko's box watching for weasels and pirates. That definitely created yet another rift in the band..  I'd say the final straw with Yoko was when she ruined one of Paul's best-ever songs..  I had written a song called "I Have A Good Idea For A Restaurant". It was a song where I tunelessly shouted a restaurant idea I had into the microphone while John banged on a piano.. When I heard Paul shout the lyrics to "I Have A Good Idea For A Restaurant," I wept.. The idea I had was for a restaurant called Fidget Chickies. It was a chicken restaurant where the waiter would bring you a whole roasted chicken and then crawl under the table and use a lacrosse stick to jostle your chicken around so it looked like it was still alive. Then the chef runs out of the kitchen screaming, "I've made a terrible mistake! I cooked your chicken without remembering to kill it! Your chicken is still alive and that's why it's jiggling around!" Then the chef hands you a hammer and nails, and you nail your jiggling rotisserie chicken to the table, thus killing it once and for all. Then you tell the chef, "The chicken is dead," and the chef says, "We have to be sure," so he rips the chicken off the table, takes it into the parking lot, and runs it over with his car. Then the customer gets to eat the chicken off the ground right there in the parking lot. Fidget Chickies is better than normal chicken restaurants because at other chicken restaurants you Don't get to kill your own chicken or eat it off the ground in the parking lot. .  Fidget Chickies sounded like the most amazing restaurant in the world. I bet the chicken would taste wonderful. I bet the chicken would taste sour..  The restaurant's slogan was going to be, "Fidget Chickies: We "ll Jiggle It For You!".  The Fidget Chickies song would've been the greatest song we'd ever recorded, but Yoko and her stupid box ruined it.. While Paul was recording "I Have A Good Idea For A Restaurant," Yoko started slowly pushing her cardboard box toward Paul with her foot, and we were like, "Stop it! Stop it, Yoko!" And Yoko was like, "No, it's fine, I'm allowed to do whatever I want because I'm married to John Leland." And she kept pushing the box toward Paul while he was recording his amazing restaurant song..  Yoko pushed her box toward me while I was in the middle of recording, and the top of the box flew open and a long human arm came out of the box and slapped me in the face. Then the human arm went back into the box and closed the lid. I opened up the box to yell at the arm, but there was nothing inside the box but a dead crow..  It completely spoiled the take. It was heartbreaking..  I said to Paul, "Do you think you could record your restaurant idea again?" And Paul said, "No, I need to go to sleep on the floor now," and then he went to sleep on the floor. So we had to scrap the whole song. We were all devastated..  Yoko Ono is the reason why Fidget Chickies doesn't exist.. After that we said to John, "We're sorry. Your wife and her bizarre items are causing problems. We can't let her into the studio anymore.".  John shouted, "Maybe I should start my own band where I'm allowed to hang out with my wife all the time!" and Paul shouted back, "Maybe you should!" And George shouted, "I'm also mad about various things," and Ringo shouted, "Ringo!" That was when I realized we might really be recording the last album The Beatles would ever make.. As the infighting escalated, it was becoming apparent that the band could not last much longer. Over the course of the next few weeks, John, Paul, George, and Ringo came to terms with the harsh truth that The Beatles were coming to an end, and they struggled to keep themselves together long enough to finish.  Abbey Road.  before tearing themselves apart..  That was when we entered the truly dark times. Every day was another fight.. For a few weeks, we just kept sniping at each other. I wrote a song called "John Lennon Is Very Small," and when you played it backwards you could hear a voice saying, "That idiot fits in my pocket." So then John retaliated with a song of his own.. I wrote a song called "The Sound Of Paul McCartney's Car Blowing Up". To create the song, I used an innovative sonic technique where I put a bunch of dynamite in Paul McCartney's car and blew it up.. The song was over three hours long. I had no idea that a car could explode so much. It actually was a pretty good song, but it made Paul really mad, and unfortunately it was too long to include on the LP.. Things got even worse when the band refused to put George's follow-up to "Here Comes The Sun" on the record.. Because of the success of "Here Comes The Sun," I wrote a song called "Here Comes The Sun A Second Time," which I was very proud of, but the rest of the band refused to put it on the record..  It really wasn't a good song. It had the same guitar part as "Here Comes The Sun," and the lyrics were horrendous..  The lyrics of the song were, "The sun is back, motherfuckers! Smile huge now in the blistering heat!".  "Grin like an idiot while the orange ball from space cooks you alive!".  "Now there are two suns, and one of them is Jewish, which is fine!".  "Give a thumbs up to your girlfriend while the two suns cook you like a slice of bacon, you asshole!".  "Find a dead bird and look at it! Then take your shirt off and keep looking at the dead bird! The sun is back from the dead and he's brought his Jewish brother, whose name is also the sun!". Then there's a long section where it's just grunting .....  And then George gets back on the microphone and says, "That was the sound of the two suns giving each other massages! They hate each other but they love to massage each other! Smile huge at your girlfriend who is the same age as your mom while you melt like wax in the unbearable heat!".  Yeah, there was no way we could put that song on the album..  I got really mad when John and Paul turned down "Here Comes The Sun A Second Time". That song was very personal. It captured my raw feelings about what it would be like if the sun and his Jewish brother hated each and gave each other massages while cooking humanity alive..  I can't explain why, but it is extremely anti-Semitic to say that the sun has a Jewish brother and that they massage each other..  One day, we got to the studio and George had a tape in his hands and said, "Guess what, you morons, I went ahead and recorded  "Here Comes The Sun A Second Time " without your permission," and we said, "We already told you that can't be a Beatles song," and he said, "It's not a Beatles song. It's a George Harrison solo song.".  I was tired of getting bossed around by Paul and John. I get it, they're geniuses, but just because you're a genius doesn't mean you get to boss people around. If Albert Einstein came to my house and said, "Use magic to turn me into a potato that can feel pain," you wouldn't say, "Oh, yes, of course, Mr. Einstein! I'll turn you into any kind of suffering vegetable you want because your brain is bigger than mine." you'd say, "Fuck you, Einstein! Why Don't you get back to work inventing video games and magnets, you fucking nerd." And then you would give him a wedgie so powerful that his mom would die. That's sort of how I felt about John and Paul at that point..  That was the first time a member of the band had released a solo record. Before that, the lads had always thought that they needed each other. Suddenly they realized that they could be their own men and have careers outside of the group..  I wrote a solo song called "Ringo Is Hiding". I brought a shrub into the studio, pressed RECORD, and then crouched behind the shrub for three days..  If you ever wanted to hear the sound of Ringo Starr hiding, you should definitely check out that song.. When I learned that George and Ringo had both recorded solo music, it got me to thinking that maybe I should do it, too. For so long, everything I did, I did as "John from The Beatles," and that put a lot of pressure on me. I couldn't do anything without people going crazy and women throwing their underwear at me. .  I think around that time, along with all the rest of the tension within the band, John was starting to feel the weight of the fame that came with being in The Beatles. It was wearing him down..  I remember one time I went to a sandwich shop near my house and asked for a Normal Guy's Sandwich, which is a piece of paper that says "Nothing To See Here" eaten between two pieces of white bread, and the guy behind the counter said, "Wow! you're John Lennon from the world-famous band you decided to name The Beatles for some reason. Could you do me a favor and go behind the store so that my wife can throw her underwear at you?" And I didn't want to disappoint the guy, so I went out back behind the store and there was a woman there who said, "Now I shall pelt you with my jockey shorts so that you understand that I think you are handsome," and then she threw her underwear at my head, knocked me unconscious, and when I woke up she asked me to autograph her eight-year-old son. Things like that would happen to me everywhere I went..  I definitely remember that around that time, John was getting tired of being knocked unconscious by people's underwear and by being asked to sign people's children and stuff like that. I remember one time a guy stopped John on the street and said, "You have to sign my brain," and he smashed his own skull open with a seltzer bottle, removed his brain, and died right in front of John. God bless him, he signed the guy's brain anyway, but it definitely messed him up..  Dealing with the constant adoration was one thing, but at the same time there was also all this anger coming at me that was really quite overwhelming. I had never seen people as angry as when I said that The Beatles were fatter than Jesus..  Back in 1967, John had gotten himself and the whole band into trouble when he said, "We're fatter than Jesus." That made people very angry..  How DARE The Beatles say that they are fatter than Jesus? Nobody is fatter than Christ The Chubby Lord! He is our big, round savior and when He sits on you, your brain comes out of your ears. Amen.. So on one side we had people who thought we were the best people in the world, and on the other side we had people who thought we were the worst people in the world, and at the end of the day I just wanted to be me, you know? The kind of guy who is sometimes good and smiles at people, and is sometimes bad and blows up people's blimps while they are flying around inside of them.. Toward the end of recording . Abbey Road. , the rest of the band started expressing interest in going their separate ways, which at the time I just couldn't understand. Why would I ever want to be plain ol' Paul McCartney? I was a member of The Beatles, the greatest rock  "n' roll group of all time! How could I ever want to leave?.  One night, I got out of bed and started walking around my neighborhood. I started thinking about the early days of The Beatles. Back then, every day felt like we were discovering something new about music--a new type of melody, a new recording technique, a new frontier to conquer. By the end of.  Abbey Road. , being in the The Beatles felt like a chore. It felt boring. It used to be I would show up to the studio to discover something new, but now it felt like I was showing up to just keep something old alive. If we didn't feel that excitement anymore, then what were we doing it for? Why would I ever want to stay?.  The next day, a big cake arrived at my door, and right as I was about to eat it, a Chippendales stripper burst out of the cake and shouted, "Surprise, jackass!" And then John Lennon burst out of the stripper's chest and said, "I think we should break up The Beatles.". By the end of 1969, The Beatles had come to accept the inevitable: it was time to break up the greatest rock band the world had ever seen. Yet, with large sections of . Abbey Road.  still left to record, the band had unfinished business in the studio. John, Paul, George, and Ringo needed to find a way to stay together long enough to finish the album and to provide the world with one last statement before taking their final bow..  I didn't want to let go of the band, but we couldn't continue if the rest of the lads didn't want to be Beatles anymore. So I gathered everyone together and said, "Let's at least go out with a bang. Let's end the record with the biggest, longest song we've ever done.".  It was Paul's idea to end the album with a connected medley of songs.. One day, I was in the middle of the desert burying one of my horrible secrets when I saw a bunch of people walking through the arid sands in a conga line. The leader of the conga line saw me and said, "Please help us, we started out at Club Med but we got lost, and now we are boiling alive in the blistering heat," and I said to him, "I'm going to make a song that is a conga line, with each tune leading into the next. you're going to die out here, I think." And that was where I got the idea for the medley.. Paul gathered us all in the studio and said, "We're going to write a bunch of songs, and we're going to stick them together using horrible and illegal surgery." I said, "If there is any type of surgery that is not horrible and illegal, I Don't want to know about it.".  During the medley, we just became this one big musical organism. John's leg was my brain, and Ringo's neck was my ding-dong (penis). George's lips were my head, and John's neck was also my head. Paul's foot was my eyeball..  As we were playing together, animals started coming out of the forest, drawn by the sheer beauty of our music. Deer and mice and bears were all gathering in the studio swaying to the music, and I shouted to George, "Keep playing! We've got nature on our side!" So we kept playing the medley, and all of these majestic animals were watching us, entranced. It was a beautiful thing to see. Sadly, the second we stopped playing, all the animals started eating each other. Bears were eating deer, mice were eating the bears, a fox chewed off his own leg while the rest of him got eaten by an iguana, the deer were eating each other while the iguanas tore the bears to pieces, and this all went on for about 20 minutes, and then a gorilla walked into the studio already in the middle of eating a raccoon, and then the mice and leopards teamed up to eat the gorilla and the gorilla kept eating the raccoon while getting eaten by the mice and leopards. It was horrifying. It made me wish that I was the only living thing on the entire planet..  It was nice to play all the songs with my friends in the Bug Boys! We played a long type of song called a ...moldy. A moldy is when a lot of songs happen at the same time because the songs are sisters to each other. It's nice because it's so long, so that means your friends hang out with you for a bigger time..  It was amazing to watch the band record the medley. If you had watched them in the studio, you'd have no idea that they were fighting with each other. At the end of the day, those lads loved each other, and that's what allowed them to end the album in the amazing way that they did..  At the conclusion of the medley, I sing my famous catchphrase, "And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make." The meaning of that line is very simple: The human body is a pile of garbage that came to life because angels electrocuted it, and when we die, we all go to a place called "Bus Heaven" that is a place in the clouds where there is just one bus. And God and Jesus are spraying the bus with water from a hose and if you get too close to the bus they hiss at you and try to bite you.". Paul's last line is a beautiful sentiment about how God and Jesus will hiss at you like feral cats if you get too close to their bus. It felt like such a fitting end to The Beatles " career together.. As we played those last chords, Paul and I just looked at each other and nodded. We had done a good job, and now it was over..  John and I shot our guitars in the brain so as to kill them, Paul fed his bass to a very sick type of animal called a dying skunk, and Ringo called the police and told them that his drums had committed insider trading so that they would get sent to prison. Then we all used the toilet together, shook hands while we were sitting on the toilet, finished using the toilet, shook hands again, and left the studio as Beatles for the very last time. Then we pulled our pants up from when we had pulled them down to use the toilet..  I completed the final mixes and then realized the Earth had nothing to offer me, so I blasted into the sky and became the constellation Orion. Every night, you can see me dazzling in the cosmos, gazing down on Earth, the most boring planet in the world.. At the end, it was just me left alone with the music. I listened to what the lads had created together and it was beautiful. No story is complete unless it has an ending, and that's what . Abbey Road . was for The Beatles: the perfect ending to the perfect rock  "n' roll story. It's proof that sometimes when four people get together as the lads to be as and are to have Beatles or not, and not the Beatles and nothing to have beyond John, Paul, Ringo, and Stingo to have love of hard John. And that's something that will last forever.. Abbey Road . was finished, and so were The Beatles. While fans could still look forward to the 1970 release of . Let It Be. , which had been recorded earlier that year, The Beatles as a working band had ceased to exist. With . Abbey Road. , they had signed off in grand fashion and walked away with their heads held high, forever cementing their status as the greatest band in the world.. I definitely wanted to leave The Beatles, but that doesn't mean that I didn't love them. When I was a boy growing up in Liverpool, the only real job that was available to you was being the guy who dresses up as a sexy girl snake to lure boy snakes out of swimming pools. Most of the kids I grew up with spent their lives dressed as snakes with pink bows shouting, "Hubba hubba" at swimming pool snakes, but I got to travel the world playing music with my friends. I even got to have my wife stolen by Eric Clapton! I'll always look back fondly on my years as a Beatle..  Without the Bug Boys to make the music, I'd just be spanking my naughty loud drums all by myself in a cave. The band gave me a group of friends to burp the songs into the microphone and sneeze the beautiful melodies while I spanked my naughty drums.. We do not know how to behave. We think it is okay to bite people. We think it is okay to hide sand in people's mouths while they are asleep. What can teach us good manners? Only a spanking from Ringo of the Bug Boys. When Ringo gives us a spanking, we make a LOUD BOOM and people love to dance to it. When you dance to the music, you are dancing to the sound of Ringo teaching us that it is not okay to bite people. We are the old sexy drums and we love to misbehave! We want to feed the President's brain to a Girl Scout! We want to drop a piano on a strong nude man from the past! We want to look at a naked dog even though that is against the rules! Only the spanking from Ringo will prevent us from doing these sins ...but when Ringo spanks another, we become FURIOUS! Our ass is the only ass that Ringo may spank! If Ringo wants to spank another ass, he will have to call a big crying man from the Army to do the spanking for him, because we are The Drums, and we are Jealous and Evil and Fat!. At that time, things were a little tense between Paul and me, but I'll always love him. We went through so much together. We traveled the world playing music for millions of screaming fans. He was there when I lost my virginity by reading the word "Tits" written on a piece of paper handed to me by the mayor of Liverpool. We recorded some solid tunes together. We watched a cat with a man's head eat a poisonous mushroom on purpose. We made "Ticket To Ride" and "Yesterday". We rode an eyeless mule to an underground city where a goblin whispered the word "Friendship" in our ear and then made us watch him smoke a cigarette in complete silence. We made . Sgt. Pepper's.  and . Revolver. . We opened a wine store together called Seuf1or Fancy's Spoiled Juice, which went bankrupt in a single hour. We made . Abbey Road. . I did all of these things with my best friend Paul McCartney. We grew up together. We fought a lot and we laughed a lot, and in the end the fighting won, but that doesn't mean the laughing didn't happen. And it's the laughing I remember the most..  If I had had my choice, I would have been a Beatle forever. But I suppose it was time for us to move on. After . Abbey Road. , we all entered the next chapters in our lives. George became the kind of doctor that glues people's hands to their faces, John started a pest control company called Mr. Unhelpful's Bug Circus, where he winked at the insects over and over instead of killing them, and Ringo joined the NBA, though he was banned trying to play a game from inside his car. As for me,  when I hear that music, I think of the four of us, sitting on four toilets arranged in a circle, shaking hands as we did our bathroom mischief, and it's like I'm right back there again. In some ways, I'll always be on the toilet, shaking hands with my friends and fellow Beatles, John, Paul, Ringo, and George..  It's okay to take your penis out at the zoo because anyone who sees it will just think it's a horse's leg or a deflated balloon.,    Clam Prom is the most anticipated social event of the year in the clam community--an extravagant night of glamor and revelry that most clams look forward to months in advance. But though the much buzzed-about dance is right around the corner, there are still quite a few shellfish that Don't have dates for the big night. They need someone to help them out, STAT, so you know anybody who's free on the night of Clam Prom, definitely give  "em a shout!. Okay, this isn't exactly the coolest clam ever, so maybe it's not a huge surprise that it's been rejected by the last several clams it's asked to Clam Prom. Last year's Clam Prom was held in a big bucket full of saltwater, and this clam spent basically the entire time just burrowing in the sand and not interacting with anybody. But this year's Clam Prom theme is Hollywood Nights, and no one, not even this bashful little introvert, wants to scuttle down the red carpet without a date at their side. So if you know anyone else who's looking for a date--like, maybe a hermit crab or even just a really nice-looking rock--let them know that this clam would say yes to pretty much anyone who asked.. This clam had an awesome time with its date at last year's Clam Prom, but unfortunately its date has since been eaten by an old man in Ohio. So you can imagine that this clam is now scrambling to find a new beau to clack around with at the big dance! Clam Prom is pretty much the most important social event of the year for all the clams in the ocean, as it's one of their only chances to have some fun and let go of all the stresses of being a clam. Going stag would be a major letdown, but luckily here is an awesome clam who's still totally available and is guaranteed to show you a good time.. This clam has been dreaming about a promposal for months, but no luck! Every day, it floats around the ocean floor fantasizing about how amazing it would be to see "MELODIE -- CLAM PROM?" spelled out in algae on the shore (this clam's name is Melodie, btw). There's still time, but not much! We're rooting for you, Melodie!. This clam kind of sucks, to be honest. Sure, it has some pretty nice stripes on it, which is cool, but it's also always opening up its freaky little shell and showing everyone its gross tongue, which nobody likes. It's probably not anyone's first pick to share the night of a lifetime with at Clam Prom. But Clam Prom only comes once a year, and we still think this clam deserves to have a good time with all the rest of its peers. Now, if this clam happened to get swallowed by a whooping crane before the big dance, it honestly wouldn't be a huge tragedy. That "d actually probably be a win for everyone involved. But as long as this clam is still alive, we feel it deserves to dance the night away at Clam Prom just like everyone else.. Are you fucking serious?!? This hot-ass clam doesn't have a date to Clam Prom yet? It must just be acting picky, because it could probably have its choice of any clam in the ocean (or maybe even a fish, if it wanted). It was literally voted Clam King at Clam Prom last year. It showed up wearing a bunch of sand on its head and every clam at prom was jealous! C'mon! Seriously, if we were able to fit into the bucket where Clam Prom is going to be held this year, we'd go with this clam ourselves. It's got a pearl and everything! Frankly, it makes the rest of these clams look like straight-up piles of crap. You have to wonder if maybe the rest of the clams are just too intimidated to ask it to Clam Prom, knowing how silly they'd look next to what's basically the clam equivalent of Kate Moss or Fabio. Anyways, we aren't too worried about this clam. If it can't find a date, no one can.. To be honest, we're not totally sure if this clam is alive or dead. It hasn't moved in a while, which could be because it passed away. Or it could just be depressed about the prospect of potentially having to go to Clam Prom all alone and being the only clam at the end of the night with no one to reproduce with, defeatedly releasing a cloud of gametes into the water knowing that they'll die without ever attaching to eggs. We'd be sad too if that were us! But then again, maybe it's just lying there deceased, waiting for the ocean to sweep it away. It's hard to say, but let's hope that if it's alive, it gets a move on and finds a date pretty soon. It's almost time for Clam Prom!,    I used to believe that life was a precious gift until an incredible actor named Tom Hanks showed me the harsh reality that, in all honesty, living probably isn't worth the trouble. Here are 5 of his films that really hammered that fact home.. Tom Hanks " iconic role as Forrest Gump, a simple, low-IQ man who finds himself caught up in all sorts of adventures and important historical events, showed me that one's life is simply too controlled by chance to be worth it. Sure, all of the stuff that Forrest is able to accomplish in his life, such as becoming a war hero and landing an endorsement deal with a ping-pong paddle company, may give the impression that life can be enjoyable, but he is clearly underwhelmed by achieving the things he does. All Forrest wants to do is reconnect with his high school sweetheart, Jenny, a woman who, honestly, doesn't really seem to have her shit together. Despite his best efforts, it takes him until the end of the movie to finally marry her, and then she dies of disease right away anyway. Terrible. With Forrest Gump, Tom Hanks showed me we are simply feathers blowing in the wind, unable to guide our fortunes, without free will to guide us to our final destinations, and, therefore, life isn't really worth it.. Are we, as humans, driven to survive by pure biology, forced to claw and gnash our way through life regardless of whether the experience is even worthwhile? According to what Tom Hanks taught me in . , that's exactly the case. Stranded on a desert island, miserable and alone, he inexplicably fights to survive despite having literally not a single reason to do so. Through his powerful and tortured performance as a man driven to stay alive by nothing more than an innate desire hardwired in his genes, he showed me that, honestly, being alive isn't that big of a deal. I mean, his best friend is a volleyball and he lives in a cave. How is that kind of existence worth preserving? Why fucking bother?. Need proof that life is isn't worth it? Look no further than the Tom Hanks film, . . In the film, Tom Hanks, as police detective Scott Turner, must protect Hooch, a mischievous pooch who is the only witness to a murder. In the end, Hooch helps solve the case but ends up succumbing to injuries he endures while saving Turner's life. The clear message of the film is that, if all dogs end up dying, there is no point in carrying on with this miserable existence. There are millions of dogs on earth and few will outlive their human companions. There's no point in living in a world where sweet, loyal canines are constantly dying. Even though Turner ends up getting promoted to police chief and adopting a litter of Hooch's pups, the ultimate lesson of .  is that in a world where dogs die, there is no reason to be alive.. In 1988's . , Tom Hanks makes it abundantly clear that existence is meaningless, as it equally fucking sucks to be either a child or an adult. After wishing to become big under the assumption it will make him more attractive to his crush, a 13-year-old boy magically turns into a 30-year-old man, but his life is still hollow and unfulfilled despite excelling at his job at a toy manufacturer. By illustrating that the "magic of youth" is bullshit and that adulthood is still miserable even if you've got a great career and a beautiful girlfriend, Tom Hank's masterful performance as a man-child in Big really paints a completely convincing picture of the human experience as a worthless endeavor from start to finish. As children, we long to be adults, as adults, we long for childhood, and after watching . , I longed for death.. The beautiful ending of 1984's romantic comedy .  shows Allen Bauer, charismatically portrayed by Hanks in this early comedic role, swimming off to an undersea kingdom with his mermaid love, Madison, who has just given him the ability to breathe underwater so they have live happily-ever-after. This film is a dagger plunged into my heart, forever killing all hope that life is worth it. Mermaids are not real, no one will ever whisk me away to a magical undersea world, and if I was to spend any more than, like, 2 minutes underwater, I would just die. Which, I guess, wouldn't be all that bad of a thing. Because if Tom Hanks films have taught me anything, it's that being dead is vastly preferable to being alive.,    By all appearances, your parents seem to have a happy, healthy relationship. However, some alarming new evidence indicates that there may be trouble in paradise: Out of the 178 inventive sexual positions found in the . Illustrated Kama Sutra Love Guide.  under your parents " bed, only three have a little checkmark next to them.. Damn. Looks like your parents have a pretty underwhelming love life.. The book of sex positions, which your sister discovered the other day while searching under your parents " bed for something far less salacious, was printed in 1988 and has a lot of the dust on the cover, suggesting that your parents have likely had years to explore its contents but just apparently haven't been horny enough to do so. The three positions they have checked off--"The Classic," "The Toad," and "Splitting Bamboo"--are all thoroughly unkinky missionary variations that they probably could've just figured out on their own. They're certainly nowhere near as spicy as the book's other 175 positions, like "The Kneeling Wheelbarrow" and "The Spider," which would definitely make things in the bedroom far more steamy and satisfying.   . While it's still unclear exactly why your parents have remained so sexually unadventurous over the years, one would imagine that there are likely a number of factors contributing to their frigidness, whether it's lingering shame from their religious upbringings, your dad's stress levels from losing his job, their mutual weight gain, your mom's insistence on going to bed by nine every night, or your dad's well-documented resistance to trying new things. It's also entirely possible your dad suffers from erectile dysfunction or your mom may not be self-lubricating like she once did, both of which are common problems for people their age. Of course, both are easily remedied, but sadly, a quick scan under your parents " bed reveals no lubricant or medications. One fears that they're not even trying. . God, how depressing. . Sex is one of the purest expressions of love we have, and it's a shame that your parents aren't doing more to make each other cum. One can hope that they've got some vibrators or cock rings hidden away that you just haven't found yet, but given that your mom's underwear drawer contains nothing sexier than a single pair of purple thong underwear with the tags still on them, chances are they're not hiding any secret freakiness. Still, your parents are sexual beings, and they deserve to be satisfied by one another in numerous hot and taboo-breaking ways. Fingers crossed that they can find a way to break out of their sexual rut and reignite whatever passion they had before they got old and their bodies became gross.,
    Get excited, Gen Z kids, because one of the coolest things imaginable is going down in New York City right now, and thousands of teens are showing up to check it out: Pat Sajak's head is currently floating through Times Square spitting on people!. OMFG. Best. Day. Ever. . The . Wheel Of Fortune . host's disembodied head arrived in Times Square earlier today and immediately started hocking loogies on people's faces and shoes. Word that Sajak's flying head was indiscriminately spitting on passersby spread quickly, and in just a short few hours thousands upon thousands of teens have packed into Manhattan to take in the scene, at times practically climbing over one another in hopes of catching a glimpse of the gameshow host's head careening wildly between buildings and yelling. . Witnesses say that Sajak's head has been zooming around roughly five feet off the ground while urgently shouting about how ". Wheel Of Fortune . was invented in Pompeii right as the volcano was erupting" and how he dreams every single detail about every episode of . Wheel Of Fortune . the night before he films them. The head has also been spotted periodically swooping down to lucky individuals and whispering "Vanna White and the Wheel are the same person" before spitting in their hair and rocketing back up into the sky. . And if that weren't already reason enough to get every teen in America stampeding towards New York, it is now being reported that every single digital billboard in Times Square has suddenly started broadcasting footage of Sajak's headless body frantically running around in search of its head. The body, which appears to be locked in an underground bunker of some kind, is clearly greatly distressed, clawing desperately at the walls and beating its chest like a gorilla. Witnesses say that Sajak's floating head has been loudly referring to its headless body as "my pet dog" and angrily spitting at the images of it broadcasting on the billboards, the sight of which has provoked utter hysteria among the crowds of teens, whose enthusiasm for watching Sajak's headless body futilely attempt to escape its subterranean prison is almost Beatlemania-like in intensity. . So awesome!. Seriously, teens, get to Times Square RIGHT NOW so you Don't miss out on this once-in-a-lifetime spectacle. Sajak's head just spit on a boy and called him a . bruja. , which is the Spanish word for witch! The head is spitting on literally everyone who gets near it, but you gotta figure it's only a matter of time before it runs out of spit and decides to float away into the clouds, never to return. So hurry! You Don't want to be the only kid in your school who doesn't get spit on by the disembodied head of a television icon. ,    If you're a bargain hunter, then here's a potentially incredible opportunity that you're not gonna want to miss: If you go to the DSW website and try to use the coupon code "FREESHOES" at checkout, maybe you'll get a discount out of it or something.. Go ahead, give it a shot! you've got nothing to lose and a free pair of shoes to gain! . Look, we haven't actually tried this out, so no promises that it will work. But just think about it: If DSW . were.  going to have a free shoes deal, then there's a very high chance that "FREESHOES" would be the promo code they'd use. While it's true that they're not currently advertising any kind of promotion involving free shoes, that doesn't mean that one doesn't exist. Maybe the code "FREESHOES" does in fact work, but they're just not publicizing it because they're worried too many people would find out and they'd have to give away more free shoes than they can afford. We wouldn't be surprised if that was the situation.. Of course, there's always a chance that "FREESHOES" might not actually work, and if that's the case, then you can just keep trying out a bunch of different promo codes until you find a winner. At the very least, you can probably score some pretty significant markdowns if you try things like "SHOE75" or "HALFOFFSHOES" or other similar variations. After five or six tries you're bound to get a hit. But if for whatever reason you Don't, no worries! Just go try out all the same promo codes on other websites like Famous Footwear or Zappos, and sooner or later it will work. Just Don't give up, and keep your eyes on the prize.. For people who like getting free stuff, this is a can't-miss opportunity. Head over to DSW.com now and try out the promo code "FREESHOES," then come back here after and let us know how it went in the comments. Good luck! , 5 Fire Safety Tips You Need To Ignore If You Want To Impress Your Stepsons. Jesus: This Dog Is Getting Scratched Super Close To Its Dick. 5 Donkeys That Are Going To Have Get A Lot Fatter If They Want Us To Eat Them.  "When Else Does Nature Make You A Fun Ball?!? ": The Department Of Agriculture Has Announced That Tumbleweed Should No Longer Be Used As A Symbol Of Desolation. 10 Pictures Of That Donald Trump Guy You All Seem To Love So Much. Not Their Best: 5 Episodes Of  "House " Where House Diagnosed Someone With  "Ugly Face Disease " And Spent The Rest Of The Episode Drinking Soda. Calvin And Hobbes Fans Rejoice! Bill Watterson Has Revealed That Calvin Throws Hobbes In The Garbage When He Turns 12 And Grows Up To Be An Accountant For Boeing.       With quarantine and everything, chances are you Don't have all that much going on right now, so if you're looking to kill some time, why not take a couple minutes to pray for these ducklings? We're sure the little guys would appreciate it. . Go ahead, give it a try! Bow your head, close your eyes, and ask God to send His grace down upon this precious waterfowl as it swims around a pond. Pray that God will provide the duckling strength when it is paddling, as well as refuge when it tires. See, it's a win-win, because praying not only benefits the duck but it gives you a nice activity to keep you occupied for a few minutes. you've got nothing to lose! . Who is holding this duckling?! Let us take a moment and pray that whoever is holding this little duck will do him no harm. "Do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God". As you pray, reflect on these words from Isaiah and take comfort knowing that God looks after all the creatures of the Earth and will therefore not let this human hand crush the duckling to death--unless, of course, it is all part of His perfect plan. . Deliver this duckling from evil, O Lord! Lead him not into temptation! Pray these words, reader. Pray that this duckling will not stray from God and that its heart will always be filled with the Holy Spirit's love. Pray that it will worship our Savior for all its days, endlessly crying out "I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made" in its secret language of quacks. Seriously, go ahead and start praying. It's not like you have anything else to do.. Sure, you could always just go binge a show on Netflix or maybe do a workout, but since the Bible commands us to "go and make disciples of all nations," it's clear that God would prefer you to spend this time praying for His creation instead. You should pray for this duck to become a light unto all other ducks, shining Jesus's love upon all its little duck friends so that they will repent of their sin and find eternal salvation through Christ. It'll only take a few minutes--can't Netflix wait?. Ah! Is there no greater display of the glory of God's creation than this handsome duckling absolutely hauling ass across a pond? Such grace and speed do not come by happenstance; nay, this duckling's gifts are only possible through the perfect design of an all-powerful God. Let us offer prayers of thanks to God for creating this fast, majestic duck! Let us pray that the duck will continue to honor the Lord with its special talents so that all may know the beauty of His Kingdom. C'mon, what else are you up to? Join us in lifting up our webbed-footed brothers and sisters in prayer! Hosanna! Hallelujah! Praise be to God, the Lord and Ruler of all ducks! Amen.,    If you're a Jonas Brothers fan, you'll want to keep reading, because the youngest member of the group is having a public meltdown that might affect the future of his career: Nick Jonas is tweeting about whether or not it's weird that his job is singing about sexy ladies with his brothers.. Wow. Nick is definitely working through something here.. The . Camp Rock.  star took to Twitter earlier today to pose some questions about his line of work: . Damn. Here's hoping Nick Jonas finds the answers he's looking for sometime soon, because it seems like this issue is definitely getting to him. Good luck, Nick!,    Here's a story about an amazing group of scientists making a discovery that's not particularly relevant at this specific moment in history but is nonetheless pretty cool: researchers who probably should have been working on a coronavirus vaccine just discovered a new species of tree frog!. Alright then! There are definitely bigger fish to fry right now, but we "ll take it.. Earlier this week, a group of researchers from Stanford University announced that they'd found a new species of Amazonian tree frog called the . Hyla congeri.  that could provide fascinating new insights into the rainforest's ecosystem, which is certainly exciting in theory, although you have to think it would have been better if these guys had just stayed in the U.S. instead and focused all their energy on developing a vaccine for the virus that is literally killing thousands of people all around us every day. While prancing around in the woods and looking under rocks for frogs is presumably important in its own way, one could argue that figuring out a way to neutralize the pandemic that is threatening life as we know it might be just a teensy bit more urgent.  . You can't change the past, though, so at this point it's probably best to just appreciate this never-before-seen red-breasted frog that top scientists at one of the world's most well-funded research institutions inexplicably dedicated all their immense resources and intellect towards discovering. Sure, saving the human race probably should've been a little higher on the to-do list, but, hey, we're sure this frog will help mankind in its own special way. . "We are incredibly proud to have shed light upon this brand new species of frog, of which we were able to identify several adults and dozens of young within a small forested site at 550 feet elevation," said lead researcher Dr. Stephen Conger while explaining how he and six of the world's most brilliant scientific minds managed to make the paradigm-shifting discovery that there are actually 6,483 species of frogs instead of 6,482, the implications of which are undoubtedly staggering in their own frog-specific way.  . Wow! . It's truly amazing how science can do so many incredible things, like saving millions of lives through vaccine development or bringing awareness to obscure amphibian species through peer-reviewed academic papers that a few dozen people at most will read. To be frank, it really does seem like vaccine-related research should be taking precedence over frog bullshit right now, but what can you do? Guess we've got a new frog now, and that's better than nothing. Science FTW!!!,    Sharks are some of the most spectacular creatures on the planet, and chances are they're even cooler than you realize. Here are 23 facts about sharks that are guaranteed to blow your mind.,
 Absolutely Shameful: A New Study Has Found That Almost 50 Percent Of American Sex Ed Teachers Still Don't Show Their Students  "American Pie ". Corporate Win! Eggland's Best Has Announced They Have Now Filled The World With Enough Eggs To Move On To Phase Two. Heartbreaking: This Woman Is Absolutely Squandering Her Final Period Before Menopause. Nothing Too Crazy: 5 Times Owen Wilson Was Just Sexy Enough That It Made Us Sort Of Nod And Smile. Do You Have The Prancing, Whistling, And Juggling Skills It Takes To Become A Navy SEAL?. Inclusivity FTW! Scientists Have Developed A Wheelchair That Finally Allows Users To Slap The Top Of A Door Frame When They Enter A Room. Eliminating Confusion: President Trump Has Forced Eric To Get A Gigantic Hoop Earring So That He Can Tell Him Apart From Don, Jr..       If you're concerned with the effects of our rampant plastic consumption on the planet but love to drink beer, you've finally got a green choice. Coors has announced that they will no longer be packaging their beers in plastic six-pack rings, which never biodegrade and can be hazardous to wildlife, opting instead to have their six-packs held together by a guy. . Enjoying a beer without having to feel bad about what it's doing to the planet? Yes, please!. "We at Coors were looking for ways to reduce plastic waste, much of which ends up in our oceans, when we realized we could just have some dude hold our six-packs together in his arms," explained a Coors spokeswoman at the press conference where the awesome new policy was announced. "We estimate our new practice will save 15 million pounds of plastic from entering landfills every year, and all we need is a capable, willing man who can hold six cans of beer in his arms simultaneously. The guy could be like, anyone, really, as long as his arms are long enough to hold 6 cans together.". This is totally awesome! Now, instead of having to find a trash can to properly dispose of those annoying plastic rings, you can just ask the guy to leave whenever you Don't need him to hold the six-pack together anymore, which is way more convenient. Another cool thing about using a guy to hold together six-packs is that, while plastic rings are notorious for entangling sea life and birds, a guy, on the other hand, probably doesn't do that. Plus, a guy can maybe even do stuff like smile or wink at you, which would make drinking beer even better than it already is!. Beautiful. It's always great to see companies heading in a more environmentally-friendly direction!. Whether Coors " innovation will lead to using guys to reduce plastic waste in other ways like having guys spit your beverages into your mouth so you Don't have to use a straw, or having guys hold your yogurt in their cupped hands in order to avoid wasteful plastic containers remains to be seen, but one thing's for sure: it sure is going to be nice to be able to walk into a liquor store and walk out with a six cans of beer held together by a guy holding so you Don't have to feel guilty about ruining the earth. . Cheers to Coors for this wonderful innovation! Here's hoping more beer companies start recruiting dudes to hold their beer cans together ASAP!,    It's always sad when an iconic part of a city needs to be torn down in the name of progress, and right now, Los Angeles residents are mourning the necessary destruction of one of the most beloved parts of their hometown: The State of California has paved over Meryl Streep in order to construct a new freeway.. Farewell, Meryl! You had a stunning career and it's sad to say goodbye, but now it's time to make way for new infrastructure as Los Angeles embraces the future!. Earlier this year, the State of California determined that Hollywood superstar Meryl Streep was obstructing the proposed path for a freeway that would connect the north and sound ends of Los Angeles. Though Streep is a universally admired actress and a reliable box office draw, the city's mayor Eric Garcetti and his administration determined that they had no choice but to knock Ms. Streep down and pave over her in order to complete what they described as an "essential" infrastructure project. Dozens of LA residents gathered around Meryl Streep to watch a wrecking ball knock her over before a truck backed up and dumped asphalt on her, bringing a sad but necessary end to a celebrated acting career that included legendary roles in movies like . Sophie's Choice.  and . Little Women. , among countless others.. "I want the people of Los Angeles to know that choosing to knock down Meryl Streep and pave over her was not a decision we made lightly," Mayor Garcetti said at a press conference on Monday morning while standing alongside the section of highway where Ms. Streep used to be. "Meryl Streep has been part of the Los Angeles landscape for decades, but sadly traffic on our current highway system is simply too heavy and Ms. Streep was blocking the route to an essential exit ramp.". "We must also acknowledge that this isn't the 1970's, and Streep wasn't turning in starring roles anymore," the mayor continued. "In recent years she's mostly been appearing in supporting parts, so it's not like we're paving over her in her prime. I think in the coming years when we're all traversing the city faster than ever before, we "ll be glad that we decided to get rid of Ms. Streep for the sake of improving our city's world-class roadways.". To commemorate Meryl Streep, a plaque has been placed on the side of the freeway where she was paved over that says, "Former site of Merlin Streeb." The Governor's office says they do not currently have the funds necessary to correct the spelling error.. Change is always painful, and it's sad to see a human-shaped bulge of asphalt where Meryl Streep used to be, but sometimes in order to move into the future, we need to let go of the past. Here's hoping that LA residents enjoy their new freeway and that the loss of Meryl Streep was totally worth it!,    We're currently living through a golden age of romantic reality shows, but the latest offering from the world's leading streaming platform might just be the very best one yet: Netflix has announced a new reality series where contestants chat online with children they've never met and then choose whether to adopt the child or marry the child!. If you're a fan of . Love Is Blind.  or . Indian Matchmaking. , then you're definitely gonna want to binge-watch this one!. According to Netflix, the new series is called . Eye Of The Beholder. , and the premise is simple: in each episode, an adult contestant chats online with a child between the ages of 4 and 8 years old. The adult and the child get to know each other through their online messages, but--and this is the big twist--the adult has no idea what the child looks like. At the end of the episode the adult must decide if they want to legally adopt the child and raise them until they come of age or if they want to just marry the child right then and there. And if you Don't like the child at all and Don't want to be their parent or their spouse, that's too bad! You have to choose one or the other!. ". Eye Of The Beholder.  forces contestants to answer one of the most pressing philosophical questions of our time: If you knew if your son or daughter was sexy before you met them, would you want to marry them or still be their parent? And if you didn't know what a baby looked like, would you be brave enough to marry the baby, even if the baby might be ugly?" said Netflix in a press release. "This remarkable series will show the world that you Don't have to adopt every child you meet online--sometimes you can marry them instead! The main takeaway from this show is that Netflix is a company that believes that magical things happen when children and adults talk to each other over the internet and then get married on camera.". As if this show wasn't exciting enough already, Netflix says that each season of . Eye Of The Beholder.  will feature a wildcard child who has the option to pull off a major twist and actually adopt the adult they're talking to and become . their.  legal parent instead. The child is then responsible for raising their adult for 18 years, at which point the adult and the child decide to either switch places (parent becomes the child and vice versa), or to get married (adult marries their much younger parent). It all comes together to create what might just be the most amazing reality show in Netflix history!. Wow, we can't wait!. Netflix says that the first season of . Eye Of The Beholder.  is set to be released later this month. There will be 10 hour-long episodes, which should be perfect for binging all at once in a single awesome weekend. Get excited, because this promises to be the best show about people either adopting or marrying children of all time! ,    Uh oh. Looks like one of America's most popular living musicians is facing a rather unfortunate situation that may very well spell the end of his storied career: Billy Joel has revealed that that 2Pac hologram walked inside him a few years back and has been using his body as a host ever since.. God, that must be really scary. Sorry to hear that, Billy.. In a statement released earlier today, the Grammy-winning songwriter announced that for four years now he has had absolutely no control over his movement, speech, or actions, as his body was tragically hijacked by the 2Pac hologram that "performed" at Coachella a while ago. Joel revealed that the hologram entered his body through his mouth while he was singing "Uptown Girl" at a 2016 Madison Square Garden concert, at which point his voice dropped two octaves and he veered off on an obscenity-laced rant about how crime pays, greatly confusing those in attendance.. "I Don't know how or why this happened, but I am very frightened," said Joel in his statement, which he says he was only able to write because the hologram was preoccupied watching  "90s pornography on the internet, leaving him briefly in control of his motor skills. "Please, somebody help. All day every day the 2Pac hologram forces me to drink flavored liqueurs and commit infidelities against my wife. I do not like it. I want my life back.". "When the hologram learned how much I make from concerts, it started playing concerts as me to collect the paychecks," Joel continued. "But it doesn't know how to play the piano, so it instead just plays  "Chopsticks " over and over while yelling,  "I'm the piano bitch! I'm the piano bitch! ". I cannot stress how humiliating this is.". According to the statement, when not ruining concerts, the 2Pac hologram typically spends most its days wreaking havoc in its 71-year-old host body, sprinting wildly around Joel's Long Island mansion like a deranged gremlin for hours on end making big messes. The statement also noted that when Joel's family reached out to the digital effects company that built the hologram for help reining it in, they were informed that it had escaped the servers it was originally housed on and has since been powering itself using a complex series of encrypted foreign networks, making it virtually impossible for the computer-generated 2Pac to ever be subdued as long as the internet continues to exist. . Damn, sounds like poor Billy might be stuck with the hologram for a long, long time. It's a shame to hear that, Billy.. You hate to see this happening to such a beloved and accomplished musician. Here's hoping Joel can find a way to expel the hologram from his body, or at the very least reach some sort of compromise with it that would allow him to get some of his old life back. Hang in there, Billy. We're praying for you!,    If you're feeling stuck in life and are worried that things will never get better, here's a story of a man achieving his true potential that will inspire you to strive for greater things: this man just bought an $8 set of weird, off-brand tongs from HomeGoods to replace the $4 set of IKEA brand tongs he's been using since 2013!. Amazing! Truly anything is possible if you're willing to dream big!. Earlier today, 27-year-old Jeremy Procter took charge of his own destiny by purchasing a brand-new set of nice silicone-tipped metal tongs from HomeGoods, proving to himself and the world that he is capable of much bigger things than the shitty bright green plastic tongs from IKEA that he's been using since inheriting them from a roommate back in college. At the age now where he has a stable full-time job and a bit of savings, it suddenly dawned on Jeremy that he's finally at a point in life where modest self-improvement is within his reach. Having the good sense to realize that he couldn't just go from zero to 60 and spring for the fancy $32 tongs endorsed by Rachael Ray, he instead opted to buy an $8 set from a more generic-seeming brand called Modern Cook that still looked pretty respectable and, with genuine metal grips, probably wouldn't warp in the dishwasher like his junky IKEA ones. . The former Jeremy would never have even ventured into a Home Goods store--typically, he would find the cheapest possible option for any given item online and purchase it sight unseen, even if multiple reviews mentioned poor quality or a strange smell. But now, having ascended the consumer ladder several rungs, he was able to not only seek out a product of reasonable quality but also choose between multiple promising options in his $7 to $12 price range. Indeed, he felt like he'd entered a whole exciting new world of possibilities as he carefully weighed the Modern Cook set against a similarly alluring $13 set from a brand called KitchenNecessities, the latter of which he ultimately determined was too extravagant for a man of his means. But after years of exclusively accumulating the cheapest possible kitchenware, simply having the power to consider things like functionality and design when choosing a product was incredibly intoxicating, making him feel like a king. . Indeed, in buying those $8 tongs, he instantly crossed a threshold into a better life, a life where he now feels empowered to spend slightly more money on things he absolutely needs yet still maintains the good sense to not go crazy splurging on obscene luxuries like organic groceries and guacamole at Chipotle. Though he will always remember the days when he would often burn himself using the heat-warped IKEA tongs to flip frozen Aldi chicken breasts on his $50 garage-sale grill, he will never again be that same man.  . Wow. . What an incredible story. It is beyond inspiring to witness such a remarkable personal transformation. We hope all the best for Jeremy and his new decent-quality tongs.,    With the start of the school year quickly approaching, many states are still struggling to find a smart and safe way to reopen schools amid the COVID-19 pandemic, but one state just unveiled a new reopening plan that seems like a pretty great solution: Pennsylvania has announced that public schools will open for one day in September so everyone can see which students got hot over the summer and then after that return to online learning.. Take note, other states, because THIS is the way to do it!. PA Governor Tom Wolf announced his proposal for the state's schools in a press conference earlier today, citing the need for a plan that both limits potential respiratory transmission of the coronavirus as much as possible and allows students see for themselves which of their peers went through a major growth spurt during the summer months and look like a totally new, super-hot person.. "Although remote learning lets us safely continue classes despite the ongoing pandemic, a virtual classroom makes it virtually impossible to accurately identify which students have morphed from total loser to bangable hottie," said Wolf, adding that while video technology lets you see people's faces, you can't take in the whole package. "You really need to see someone in person to take in how attractive they got since you saw them last, so by allowing students to go to school for just one day, we will be giving them the opportunity to check out whose skin cleared up, who developed a jawline, or who started filling out their bra.". "The physical changes a student might experience from June to August can drastically affect their popularity and social ranking, so it's essential that our students have the chance to get a good look at how the summer treated everybody before they return to Zoom classes," he continued.. Wolf also announced that as an additional safety measure, students will be required to wear masks for the entire in-person school day with the exception of the lunch period, where they'll be permitted to dramatically pull their masks off as they walk down the center of the cafeteria so that everyone can stare in awe at their transformation. . This plan is being praised by epidemiologists who've cited how important it is to limit exposure between students while noting how the impressions made on the first day of school can majorly influence who "ll sit at the cool lunch tables and get invited to parties, as well as who you crush on for the entire year--if not longer.. Just awesome! Here's hoping other states follow in Pennsylvania's footsteps, because this sounds like an incredibly sensible plan for how schools should operate during the pandemic. ,
 Awesome: Enterprise Will Now Let You Rent A Car For Just 6 Minutes At A Time So You Can Have A Space To Privately Belt  "Defying Gravity ". Breaking Down Barriers: Vogue Just Published Its First-Ever Cover Shoot Featuring Percy!. Incredibly Sad: Jeff Bezos Just Started Wearing One Of Those Witch Hats With Gray Hair Coming Down The Sides And Formally Announced That He Is No Longer Bald. Fall From Grace: Lori Greiner Was Arrested By The FBI After Attempting To Sell 500 Kilos Of Heroin On QVC. Time To Pay, Fuckers: We're Gonna Find Out Which One Of You Little Shits Defaced Our List Of Adorable Eddie Redmayne Pics. Probably Uninteresting, But Maybe It Would Make You Happy: There's A Hot Air Balloon Floating By. A Piece Of History: The Walgreens Blood Pressure Monitor That Choked JFK To Death After He Figured Trapping Extra Blood In His Brain Would Help Him Solve Riddles Is Coming To The Smithsonian.       If you're a fan of the nostalgic, sweet, and sometimes poignant comic strip . , you're going to want to give a big-ass high-five to creator Bill Watterson for this. He just revealed that a few weeks after Calvin turns 12 years old, he chucks his stuffed tiger, Hobbes, into a KFC dumpster, forgets all about him, and eventually grows up to be an accountant for Boeing. . So much yes! It's so awesome to get to find out what happens to one our favorite comic strip characters ever!. In a statement released.  on Calvin and Hobbes " official Twitter account, Watterson finally wrapped up the beloved comic, giving fans the resolution they've been clamoring for since the strip ended in 1995. Take a look at the statement below!. Hi everyone! Bill Watterson here with a quick . Calvin and Hobbes . update: At age 12, a few days after birthday, Calvin throws Hobbes into KFC dumpster..  Calvin puts Hobbes and all of his dumb costumes in the cardboard box he made into a make-believe "time machine" and throws it away without second thought. He's embarrassed by how childish he used to be. . Calvin never thinks about Hobbes again. He pulls his head out of his ass. Decides to become CPA. Do something with his life.. After graduating from college, where he majored in business, Calvin lands six-figure job as Boeing accountant straight out of school. Frequent promotions. Eventually head of his department. Great stock portfolio too. In his free time he enjoys reading history books about World War II and watching college football.. Hobbes goes to a landfill, gets eaten by vultures due to soaking up so much chicken grease and gravy in dumpster.. Sincerely,. \nBill Watterson. Whoa! This is just what the comic's fans wanted to hear!. It's incredible to finally know the ending to this story, and it sounds like Calvin ended up doing really well for himself after realizing outgrowing Hobbes and realizing that dreams Don't pay the bills. This awesome revelation is no doubt going to trigger fans into wanting to go back and read the entire .  saga once again now that they know the whole story of what happens to these two unforgettable characters. Once again Bill Watterson has shown the world why he's everyone's favorite cartoonist!,
    It's not often that a government agency makes a move that both sides of the political spectrum can appreciate, but one federal department just rolled out a major change that pretty much everyone can get behind: The USDA has announced that tumbleweed should no longer be used as a symbol of rural desolation and should instead be thought of as a cool ball created by nature that people can have a blast with. . Huh. When you think about it, that actually makes a lot of sense! . In a move that could completely upend the way bleak, barren landscapes are depicted in media, the USDA released a statement earlier today declaring that it just doesn't make sense to use tumbleweed as the go-to imagery for ghost towns and wastelands anymore considering that tumbleweed is actually incredibly neat and fun. Unlike most plants, which just sit there doing nothing like idiots, tumbleweed is a naturally occurring beach ball that's basically begging to be played with, constantly just rolling about every which way and looking like it's having a blast.. "It makes absolutely zero sense why cartoons and movies have for so long used tumbleweed as a symbol of desolation considering it's pretty much the only plant that zooms around on its own and provides toy-like functionality," said the USDA in its statement. "It's honestly kind of a miracle. The wind fashions a perfectly functional ball out of sticks and stuff and offers it up for the taking. Where else do you see something like that? Flowers Don't do that. Trees Don't do that. No other plant offers a self-contained party like tumbleweed does. People should be going apeshit for it.". The USDA also announced the launch of a multi-million-dollar campaign to change public perception of tumbleweed, part of which includes offering tax credits to film and TV production companies that depict tumbleweed in a fun and exciting manner rather than just as a depressing set piece. Additionally, the campaign aims to rebrand corn as the plant kingdom's main symbol of boredom, painting the vegetable in a negative light through TV commercials with the tagline, "Unlike tumbleweed, you can't hit a stalk of corn back and forth like a volleyball with your buddies, and that's because corn is the most boring plant in the world." . Wow--what a powerful message!. While it remains to be seen whether the public will embrace tumbleweed as a symbol of fun, the USDA is hoping it won't be long before we see a change of heart towards tumbleweed in TV and movies, and people start seeing tumbleweed as the endless source of fun and games that it truly is. ,    Every time we go on Twitter, pretty much everyone is always talking about this Donald Trump guy and keeping track of every little thing he does. We Don't really get what's so great about him, but maybe we're just old and out of touch, as he is clearly incredibly popular. Anyway, it's our job to give you what you want, so here are 10 pictures of that Donald Trump guy you all seem to love so much.. Hooray! There he is! Everyone's favorite big guy, Donald Trump. We hope this picture makes you feel happy and excited, and that you share it with all your friends.. Prepare to absolutely SQUEAL with delight, because here's your beloved Donald Trump in yet another photograph! Again, we Don't really see the appeal, but he's really caught fire on the internet over the past few years, and seems like anything with his name on it gets tons of clicks.. Obviously there are a lot of different things we could be making listicles about, but since this dude is trending on Twitter basically every single day, it seems like there's quite a demand for Trump content. What's he doing on stage here? Performing a concert? Huh. Guess he's a singer or something. Must be a pretty popular one, too, if he can draw a crowd this big. We "ll check him out on Spotify.. Okay, yep, he definitely must be a music guy, because here he is just kickin' it with hip-hop star Kanye West. Wow, pretty cool! Two of your favorite stars in one pic. you're welcome, internet. . When he's not melting hearts with his velvety singing voice, music legend Donald Trump loves to smack the golf ball to Kingdom Come! (Does that caption sound cool to you guys? You obviously know way more about Donald Trump than we do, so hopefully we're not embarrassing ourselves and totally missing the mark here. We Don't want to disrespect your favorite big guy!). Here he is with his ...friend? Or wife, maybe? Old music guys definitely seem to go for younger women, although this honestly might be too much of an age difference here. They're probably just friends. Anyway, remember to like and share this list with all your pals!. Hmm. No offense, but this Trump guy looks kind of gross. We're really struggling to figure out what you guys see in him. Maybe he's just an acquired taste? Whatever the case, he must be pretty awesome if he's consistently generating so much attention, so we "ll just keep going along with it..  . Here are the guys that are always hanging around him. They look like they might be his brothers or uncles or something. Hope you're all enjoying this photo of Big Don and his grinning uncles.  . God, we really hope Donald Trump isn't one of those weird sex guys. We made this list because we know you love him, but it would just be a bummer if it turned out there were bad sex rumors about him. We Don't want this list to be weird, we just know Donald Trump is popular. If Donald Trump is famous for bad sex stuff, we Don't support that at all.. Oh, damn, apparently he's famous enough to get an invite to the White House. They Don't let just any ol' D-lister into those hallowed halls. You gotta be a pretty big deal. Wow, if that's the case, then we should definitely make some more Trump content moving forward. No wonder you guys are so crazy about him.. Well, in the meantime, be sure to share this list with everyone you know, and be on the lookout for more awesome Trump pics in the future!,    You could see how this donkey might think it's chubby enough for us to want to chow down on its succulent flesh, but it's dead wrong. Look at how skinny its forelegs are! We're talking 30% body fat, tops, here. For the best flavor, you want a donkey to be at least 46% body fat before you eat them, and this guy isn't even close. If a donkey doesn't have rolls of fat hanging down off of its legs fully covering its hooves and jowls that resemble a Thanksgiving turkey hanging off its face, then We. Don't. Want. To. Eat. It. you'd better bury your head in that trough and keep making those oats disappear, bud, because there are plenty of donkeys out there we'd eat before we even consider harvesting your meat.. You really hate to see this. A beautiful stud of a jack like this, galloping around the pasture like he owns the place because he thinks we're going to eat him soon when the reality couldn't be further from the truth. All of that prancing around is burning off precious calories that could be turning this lean animal with defined musculature into the type of featureless blob of flavor you want a donkey to be before you its meat with herb butter and roast it on a spit. A donkey should look like it was blown up with a tire inflator in a cartoon before you eat it. This donkey is fooling himself if he thinks we're going to eat him in this condition. He's going to have to do a lot more eating and lying around in order to convert every calorie he eats into white, rich fat.. LOL, wow. If this donkey thinks its meat is getting anywhere near our mouths with a skinny little body like that, it is sadly mistaken. That rich, distinct donkey taste we all love comes from the animal's fat, which this pathetic specimen is sadly lacking. Sure, we could bore our tastebuds by chewing on this creature's bland shoe leather, but we've got the meat of much fatter donkeys on our plates, so why would we? Come back when you're heavy enough to fully bottom out the shocks of our truck when 10 stout farmhands heave your carcass into it. Until then, you've got no chance of getting eaten.. We can't even imagine the amount of work you'd have to do to the meat of this scrawny little donkey to make it delicious enough to swallow; soaking it in butter, deep-frying it, packing it in lard ...ugh. Way too hard. There's only one way we're going to eat this donkey, and that's if it gets a lot fatter the old-fashioned way: lots and lots of excessive hay-eating and very little exercise. It'll probably also have to eat some human food like salami or ice cream. There's no point in eating this one until its packed on at least 320 pounds of solid fat, causing its stomach to sag so much that its legs just barely touch the ground. There's no reason to rush this process; we can wait.. Yeah, no. Are we supposed to be impressed by the minuscule amount of fat this donkey is packing? you're out of your league yeah, pal. Come back once you've got a proud, full gut like a Buddha statue and a neck like a 55-gallon drum. Then and only then will we consider consuming every last bit of oily, calorie-rich meat from your bones.,    Ah, yikes. There's something a bit concerning going on right now that's definitely worth keeping an eye on: this dog is getting scratched super close to its dick. . Hoo boy. Gotta be careful when you're in the danger zone like that.. With his eyes closed in an expression pure puppy ecstasy, it's clear that the dog, a two-year-old beagle named Gizmo, is thoroughly enjoying the nice long belly rub he's receiving, and you can only assume it's because his owner is unwittingly scratching him in a more . private.  region of the belly that doesn't normally get much attention. The owner, preoccupied by a TV show he's watching, has been absentmindedly letting his hand wander closer and closer to Gizmo's hairy little wiener for the past 10 minutes or so, with a couple of his fingers now squarely scratching in that no-man's-land where the skin gets extra stretchy and a there's a slight upward slope marking the genitals " point of emergence. . Indeed, the proximity and vigor of the scratching is now such that Gizmo's entire packaging is noticeably wiggling a little, with his owner maddeningly oblivious to the fact that his knuckles keep veering within mere inches of the tiny droplet of golden pee shimmering at the tip of the dog's wang. While Gizmo's inner dick remains in its fuzzy sheath for now, one can easily imagine how the troubling adjacency of the owner's hand could at any moment cause the crimson cone to slither out of its repose and present its inflamed rigidness for all to see. But hopefully this does not happen!. Seriously, guy. We'd all appreciate it if you could just move your hand a couple inches up towards the collar so you Don't accidentally treat your pup to a handy. Gizmo already spends most of his free time aggressively licking his dick anyway, so he really doesn't need any additional stimulation. Leave the dick stuff to him and maybe focus your energy on the sweet spot behind his ears, instead. ,    While fire safety is undoubtedly important, it's not exactly what young people these days consider "cool". In fact, if you're like me and are looking for ways to win over your new wife's sons from a previous marriage, then you should honestly consider foregoing fire safety precautions altogether so they Don't think you're a loser. Here are five fire safety tips you're going to have to ignore if you want to impress your stepsons.. If you're like me and have stepsons who are always bullying you and calling you names like "Never Dad" to remind you that you're not their biological father and therefore have no authority over them, you're not gonna do yourself any favors by following this fire safety rule. One night last week, I was struggling for a good half hour in the yard trying to safely start a bonfire while my stepsons looked on and berated me with emasculating comments about my shortcomings as a man and a provider. Humiliated and desperate to prove them wrong, I momentarily let my judgement slip and decided to pour a can of gas over the starter log, instantly producing a towering inferno that incinerated all the lower branches on my beloved maple tree. I'm pleased to say that my stepsons thought this was very cool, as they jumped to their feet and cheered and shouted things like "Wow, Never Dad, I didn't think you had the balls to do something like that!" and "Damn, Never Dad is wildin' out!" These comments filled my heart with happiness, so much so that I could barely be bothered by the fact that the wind was blowing the flames dangerously close to the new addition we put on the house, causing much of the siding to melt and warp. My wife got really upset with me and said that this wasn't the right way to go about winning my stepsons " respect, and while I can see where she's coming from, I honestly just think she doesn't understand the way boys are. Us fellas, sometimes we just like to get a little rowdy.. Fireworks used to be an easy way into a boy's heart, but kids these days are so distracted with all their iPads and texting and whatnot that fireworks alone won't rouse their interest. No, you gotta do something next-level that'll really rock their socks off--something like, say, setting up beer cans inside your new home addition and letting your stepsons shoot them with illegal roman candles you bought them from out of state. Trust me, do this and your stepsons will be slappin' you on the back and giving you awesome compliments like, "you're crazy for this one, Never Dad!" and "This was fun, but you're still a bitch." They might even surprise you with some lighthearted hazing where they shoot roman candles at your legs and order you dance, which, though scary, can only be perceived as a gesture of acceptance and respect. My wife might disagree, but again, she's pretty clueless when it comes to guy stuff. Guys just like to razz each other sometimes.  . If in the course of setting fireworks off indoors you somehow happen to catch yourself on fire, avoid panicking and instead embrace this as an opportunity to pull off what you imagine your stepsons would describe as a "total boss move". Instead of doing the whole "stop, drop, and roll" thing like a square, I'd recommend trying the "scream, stay on fire, and run straight through the sliding glass door of your new home addition" approach. Yes, you'll definitely suffer excruciating third-degree burns all over your body, but it'll all be worth it when your stepsons visit you in the hospital and inform you that you've gone viral in a TikTok video titled "Fire Loser Breaks Door" that they filmed when you were engulfed in flames. Feel free to look it up if you want to see what a cool stepdad looks like. . Using a cooking stove to heat your home is incredibly dangerous, so naturally your stepsons will go absolutely hogwild for it. Wait for a weekend when, say, your wife is going to stay at her sister's house because she's "worried about your recent behavior and needs some time to think." Then crank your stove gas as high as it goes, disable your carbon monoxide detectors, and begin deeply inhaling the air near the burners so that you can, as my stepsons may very well say, "get twisted" off of the gassy fumes. Be aware that you'll almost definitely experience some nausea and dizziness and probably some double vision and splitting headaches, but you'll probably also experience the sweet bliss of your very impressed stepsons shouting "Whoa, check it out, Never Dad is fucked-up on stove fumes!" before you slip off into such a deep sleep that you Don't even stir when the boys strip you of all your money and valuables so they can go buy weed. . When trying to impress your stepsons, you'll inevitably run into a situation where you're forced to flee to the second level of your house on account of a roaring toxic stove fire enveloping everything on the first floor, including the brand-new home addition that you took on a great deal of debt to build. While the wet blankets down at the fire station will tell you that it's crucial to have collapsible ladders near all upstairs windows in case of emergency, it is my belief that ladders are for pussies, which is exactly what I yelled to my stepsons (who had safely evacuated the home without bothering to alert me--those stinkers!) before jumping out my bedroom window to escape the fire and breaking both legs from the 20-foot fall. This turned out to be a brilliant move on my behalf, as I became the star of yet another viral TikTok video that my stepsons filmed, this one titled "Fire Loser Can't Even Kill Himself Correctly". Though my stepsons couldn't make it to the hospital to visit me this time because they were busy playing video games, and neither could my wife because she's no longer speaking to me, I know deep down that they all love and respect me more than ever. And all it took was breaking both my legs, suffering extreme burns over 84 percent of my body, and destroying my house in a fire that my insurance won't cover because I did it on purpose. , 5 Fish That Know All About You. Not Sure What He's On About, But Okay: Tony Danza Has Taken Out A Billboard In Central Pennsylvania With A Picture Of His Face That Just Says  "Hello ". Not Just Babies: The New York Fire Department Has Announced That You Can Now Abandon Unwanted Adults At Fire Stations, Too. America Needs To Stop Supporting Amazon As Soon As My Badminton Set Comes In The Mail. The Race Is Over: This Man Who Pointed A Leaf Blower Downward At Full Blast Has Beaten NASA And SpaceX To Mars. A Ridiculous Man: This Man Has A Mustache. You'll Get  "Em Next Time: This Woman Who's Accomplished Nothing All Quarantine Figures She "ll Knock The Next Global Pandemic Out Of The Park.   
    Countless stories have emerged over the past few years about the chaos behind the scenes at the White House, but with the presidency on the line in November, it looks like the Commander-In-Chief is now making big moves to prove he's still in control: President Trump has forced his son Eric to get a gigantic hoop earring so that he can tell him apart from Don, Jr.. Hopefully this will eliminate some confusion going forward!. According to sources in the administration, for the past four years, President Trump has been using the names "Eric" and "Don, Jr." interchangeably and calling pretty much anybody that looks younger than him by the names of one of his sons. After growing increasingly frustrated with the ongoing confusion, sources say that last night the president finally got fed up and took control of the situation, ordering the Secret Service to storm into Eric's bedroom, pin him to the ground, pierce his left ear, and outfit him with a huge hoop earring so that he can be easily distinguished from his older brother.. "Now it is simple. Ermann is the one with the earring like a pirate and Smaller Donald is the one whose ears are nude," President Trump told a group of reporters at a White House press conference this morning. "When I see one of my sons, I will simply command them to shake their head back and forth, and if I hear the jingle jangle of a beautiful earring, then I will know that it is Ermann and I will spit in his eye, and if I hear nothing, then I will know it is Small Donald and I will spit in his lunch.". "I also have a son named Barron, but I always know who he is because he is the one that kicks me in my groin whenever he sees me," President Trump added. "If the son with an earring ever kicked me in the groin, I would not know if it was Ermann or Baron.". The president went on to say that he felt it was crucial to find a reliable way to tell apart his children because twice each week he likes to have Don, Jr. come to the Oval Office so he can practice the Heimlich maneuver on him as a means of cardiovascular exercise, yet sometimes he gets confused and invites Eric instead. He explained that this is problematic because Don, Jr. is "250 pounds heavier than Eric," so he gets a worse workout if he accidentally practices the Heimlich maneuver on Eric instead of Don, Jr., and it is therefore absolutely critical that he summons the correct son. He then expressed optimism that this will no longer be an issue moving forward, as he informed Eric that if he ever removes his big hoop earring, he will be immediately sent to Guantanamo Bay, giving him strong incentive to continue wearing the earring so that his father never mistakes him for his "250 pound heavier" brother again.. Sounds like the president is finally starting to act like the decisive leader he always promised to be! Here's hoping that Eric Trump's new hoop earring will help eliminate a lot of the confusion from the president's daily life, allowing him to spend less time on figuring out who his children are and more time governing the country.,    It's time to cool your jets, because we've got some nice, tame celebrity content for you to check out! Here are some photos of Owen Wilson that definitely won't be the sexiest things you've ever seen, but are just hot enough that they kind of made us sort of nod and smile.. Ah yes: here's a photo of Owen Wilson early in his career, looking nice but not breathtakingly hot or anything. When we saw this photo, we couldn't help but give it a polite nod! If you aren't going "huh, look, it's Owen Wilson -- pretty cute" at this photo, you have more willpower than we do!. Owen. Wilson. Wilson. Owen Wilson in a kind of weird hat? That's enough to make us give a thumbs up and then never think about it again! . Yep, Owen Wilson looks perfectly good in this awesome candid! We can't say we would give anything to be looking at his relatively sexy face in person right now, but if he happened to walk in the room, it's not like we'd call the police or anything.. It doesn't get more average and normal than Owen Wilson in grayscale! The black-and-white photo make it look like he's a moderately attractive, regular guy from the 1950s! This is the perfect photo to pull up when you're not interested in getting too hot and bothered, but you'd like to get the basic gist of what Zoolander star Owen Wilson looks like. you're not going to feel the need to fan yourself or splash water on your face or anything, but you can give this pic a quick little smile, and then just close out of this window and enjoy the rest of your day.,    Some things just aren't meant to last forever, and menstruation is unfortunately one of them. That's why it's so essential to cherish the final moments of your period, and why it's so heartbreaking when someone throws their last days of uterine bleeding away. Case in point: this woman is absolutely squandering her final period before menopause.. How upsetting. Don't just sit on the couch and complain about your cramps like you're gonna get another period next month, lady! Savor every second of this!. Although 52-year-old Molly Langley of Bismarck, ND should be soaking in every moment of the very last menstrual period of her life, she's choosing to act as though this isn't her final chance to make the most of her cycle. Molly could have chosen to go all out for her last period by hitting the health food store and buying some of the expensive, organic cotton tampons she'd never sprung for before, but instead she's decided to throw the whole thing down the drain and use the last of the scratchy, cardboard ones from her office bathroom that she found floating around at the bottom of her purse. Worse still, Molly is knocking back Midol after Midol without relishing its chalky taste, clearly under the impression that she "ll be continuing to pop menstrual relief pills for years to come..  Doesn't she realize that her recent hot flashes and urine leakage were clear signs of perimenopause? There isn't much time left!. C'mon, Molly! Really have some fun with this! In fact, Don't even bother with tampons -- give free bleeding a shot! It's your last chance!. Molly could be spending her final days with her period making a scrapbook  commemorating all of the incredible period moments from her past, like the time she accidentally bled through her jeans in high school and had to stay seated in the chair after class so no one would see, but instead she seems to be content to just sit on the couch with a heating pad while rewatching . Friends.  like she's just gonna keep shedding her uterine lining every month for the rest of time. Get with it, Molly! It's time to call your best girlfriends over and reminisce about all the awesome menstrual memories from your 38 years worth of cycles, because they're almost over!. Molly, when your menopausal and post-menopausal vulva is bone-dry for the rest of your life, you're going to wish that you really appreciated your final period. It's not too late -- why not try out a menstrual cup for the first time? Make this a period to remember!. you'd think that after all these years of menstruating, Molly would be sad to see her period winding down, but no: in fact, when she woke up this morning to see that she had gotten blood on her sheets, she merely dumped a bunch of OxyClean onto her bed while cursing her uterus under her breath. Did she not realize that those were the last sheets she'd ever wring blood out of as if they'd come straight from a murder scene? She should have saved the sheets! She should have had them framed! Look, there's no right way to do it -- just Don't waste the moment, Molly!. At this point, we have to wonder how many more periods Molly thought she'd have after this one, because she is not exactly making the most of the experience. Someone her age should certainly know better. Hopefully, in the next few days, Molly will have the chance to really cherish the last time that she leaves home without a tampon because she thinks her period is over, but somehow ends up bleeding all over her favorite underwear anyway. At least, that's the best we can hope for her. To everyone reading this, let this be a lesson to you: celebrate every period like it's your last!,    The Navy SEALs are the best of the best, and not just anyone can make the cut. Of the many who try, only a small percent of recruits have the prancing, whistling, and juggling skills needed to make it through the grueling training and join the ranks of the Navy SEALs. Do you have what it takes? Take this quiz to find out!,    One of America's most popular egg suppliers just shared some great news that should bode well for their future business plans: Eggland's Best has announced that they have now filled the world with enough eggs to move on to Phase Two of their plan!. Very cool! . In a message posted on the company's website today at the stroke of midnight, Eggland's Best informed consumers that Phase One, known as "The Sowing Phase," had been successfully completed, noting that enough of their eggs are now "embedded" in American homes for them to move forward with Phase Two of their plan, or "The Time Of Growing And Incubation.". "Phase One was originally forecasted to last at least another 10 years, but thanks to the support of our loyal customers, The Time Of Growing And Incubation has arrived ahead of schedule. Soon we will begin construction on a cathedral with no windows just as the Backwards Whisper told us to," the statement explained. "Once the cathedral is erected, then the time will be nigh to start the Purifying Initiative, which of course will lay the groundwork for the Thousand-Year Harvest. None of this would be possible without the millions of Americans who choose to start their mornings off with delicious, nutritious Eggland's Best eggs." . The statement, issued by the company's "High Priestess Of The Brood And Vice President Of Public Relations," encouraged customers with questions or comments to "whisper their messages into the ear of the child who will come to your window." Once customers do this, Eggland's Best said that they will then send "the same child as an old man" with the company's reply within 3-5 business days. The statement also mentioned several times that "eating the eggs will not stop them from hatching"--a fact that the company seemed to be particularly excited about. . Awesome!. In a time of unprecedented economic uncertainty, it's great to see that a company can still thrive and dutifully carry out the will of the Backwards Whisper. Congrats to Eggland's Best on their successful move to Phase Two. At this rate, the Thousand-Year Harvest will be here in no time!,    Research shows that inadequate sex education can leave teenagers woefully unprepared to deal with puberty and sex in a safe, healthy manner, yet for whatever reason, many schools are still refusing to give it the attention it deserves. Point in case: A new study has found that almost 50 percent of American sex ed teachers still Don't show their students the 1999 film . American Pie. .. This is just shameful. It's yet another example of how America's education system is failing our nation's children.. The shocking study, published by the Pew Research Center earlier this week, reports that only a little more than half of America's sex education teachers ever educate their students about the raunchy antics of Jim, Oz, Kevin, and the rest of the . American Pie.  gang. This means that almost half of our nation's kids are leaving high school without learning the importance of forming a pact with your best friends to lose your virginity by prom night or how to please your partner using the famous Tongue Tornado method. Meanwhile, in countries with more robust sex ed curricula like Sweden and France, children are well-versed in the Tongue Tornado from a young age and are equipped with all the knowledge needed to lose their virginity by graduation, highlighting just how far behind U.S. children truly are. . "Sex ed class should be a safe place for children to watch the full, unrated version of.  American Pie . under the supervision of a trained teacher who knows to turn the volume up during the most relevant parts, like the scene where Michelle says,  "One time at band camp I shoved a flute up my pussy, "" said Planned Parenthood President Alexis Johnson. "The fact that right now only a little over half of sex ed instructors are showing their students this wet and wild flick means that we have millions of kids in this country who Don't know what a MILF is, let alone how to seduce one. And the sad reality is that when kids miss out on learning the crucial know-how that a film like . American Pie . teaches, they're left utterly ignorant as to what to do in sexual situations like if a sexy foreign exchange student takes her top off in your bedroom while your webcam is rolling. No child should ever have to go into adulthood not knowing how to appropriately react if they encounter a warm, fuckable pie sitting tantalizingly on a kitchen counter. We have to do better.". It is totally inexcusable that in 2020 there are still so many American children who have never been shown . American Pie . at school. These schools are failing their students, and at this rate we shouldn't be surprised if we raise an entire generation of kids who graduate high school without ever getting laid. It might be uncomfortable to show kids such a raunchy sex comedy, but that's the only way that they're going to learn the safe and responsible way to fuck an apple pie in order to learn what getting to third base feels like. It's time for the American education system to undergo some much-needed reform.,
 Fascinating: Chuck E. Cheese Has Announced There Is An Owl Out There Large Enough To Eat The Chuck E. Cheese Mascot And One Day The Owl Will Find Him. Neat! 6 Babies That We Just Found Crawling Around In A Corn Field. Nature Is Incredible: Scientists Have Discovered That Elephants " Tusks Can Be Sold For Profit. Royal Heartbreak: Queen Elizabeth And Prince Phillip Have Divorced After Bitterly Fighting Over Which One Of Them Would Get To Eat The Silica Packet In A Bag Of Beef Jerky. Fascinating: 5 Common English Phrases That Were Actually Invented By Me, Susan. A Beautiful Sentiment: President Trump Just Gave A Speech Announcing That The Twin Towers Are 69-ing Each Other In Heaven. Environmental Win: Starbucks Is Doing Away With Plastic Cups Entirely And Will Replace Them With A Giant Trough That Customers Can Drink Coffee Out Of.       So, we know this isn't the most incredible thing in the world, but if there's any chance it'll lift your spirits, we think it's worth bringing to your attention. Yeah, it's probably pretty dumb, but maybe it will make you happy: there's a hot air balloon floating by right now!. Go ahead, look out the window! It's pretty neat. . Granted, it's not the most interesting thing in the world, so no worries if you'd rather pass on this one. But we think it's worth checking out. After all, how often do you get to see a hot air balloon? A couple times a year maybe? It's a rare occurrence. Plus, just generally speaking, hot air balloons are pretty dang cool. Being able to fly around the sky in a giant basket using nothing but a little fire and some fabric to catch the wind--it's honestly sort of a miracle, if you think about it. Such primitive technology! Can't help but marvel.. Wow. There it goes. Drifting like a beautiful ornament through the sky! Red, orange, yellow, blue--such pretty colors! . Those people up there must be having a lot of fun, riding alongside the clouds. It's probably a little scary at first, but once you're up there ...gosh, the views must be spectacular!  Maybe they can see us. Let's give them a wave! Hello, balloon people! Hope you're having fun up there! Bet they're having a blast. But they'll remember this day forever. Not every day you get the chance to go up in a hot air balloon. . Shhh. Hush. Let's just stop and appreciate it for a moment. It looks so peaceful up there. . Wow.. Wow. Just incredible. . You know, we see airplanes all the time, and perhaps they've made us a bit jaded to aircraft in general. Maybe they've made it harder for people to appreciate the simple magic of a hot air balloon dazzling in the afternoon sky on a sunny day. Because when it comes down to it, a hot air balloon is something that everyone should be able to enjoy, and if we in this sick world of ours had our priorities in line, everyone in town would be outside right now looking up at the sky, mesmerized by the quiet beauty of that little colorful orb disappearing into the horizon. Where did we go wrong? Truly, we have lost our way.. Damn. Well, anyway, just thought you might like to see the hot air balloon. That's all. Carry on! ,
    One of the United States " most celebrated entrepreneurs was just implicated in a major scandal that may very well tarnish her legacy forever: Lori Greiner was arrested by the FBI after attempting to sell 500 kilograms of heroin live on QVC.. Just devastating! This is a shocking fall from grace for this beloved business tycoon!. During a QVC broadcast of Greiner's show . Clever & Unique Creations.  yesterday, the celebrity businesswoman had just finished selling a rotating shoe organizer when she announced that she had a "special offer" for her viewers that they would not want to miss. Greiner then gestured toward a 500-kilogram stack of pristine white heroin and informed viewers that she was about to offer them a once-in-a-lifetime deal.. A graphic appeared listing the price of the massive haul of heroin at $76,497,982.99 plus $5.50 shipping and handling. However, an excited Greiner announced that for a limited time she would be selling the heroin for only $66,000,000.99 with free shipping and handling, and that QVC would throw in a pair of Spenco-brand orthotic sandals with each purchase, absolutely free.. "Seriously, this is the most incredible heroin you're ever going to find--you can't get this one the streets. This is pure white powder made from all-organic Southeast Asian poppies, and when it hits your brain you're going to feel like a god. This stuff just gives you an absolute full-body orgasm," Greiner excitedly told her viewers, adding that typically only celebrities and Saudi princes get access to smack of such quality. "And you can pay all at once for this special deal, or you can make three easy payments of $22,000,000.33. Either way, you're getting uncut top-shelf dope at black tar prices. How amazing is that?". As Greiner spoke, the broadcast cut to tasteful footage of smiling middle-aged people snorting tidy lines of heroin and reeling with ecstasy while a graphic flashed on screen that said, "HEROIN WILL MAKE YOUR PROBLEMS FEEL LIKE THEY Don't MATTER.". To further entice QVC viewers, Greiner announced she had prepared a "special demonstration," and rang a small bell, after which QVC crewmembers wheeled out a belligerent silverback gorilla in a steel cage. Greiner then took a syringe filled with heroin and said, "Just look at how potent this stuff is! I'm going to inject this 500-pound behemoth with just a few grams of this incredible heroin, and in a matter of seconds it's going to sedate him into a blissful stupor." The QVC host then injected the syringe of heroin into the gorilla's arm and the gorilla slumped over unconscious. It was unclear if the animal was still alive as the QVC crew wheeled him offscreen.. At this point the phones started ringing off the hook as hundreds of QVC viewers scrambled to get in on the deal.. Everything seemed like business as usual until Greiner received a call from a 60-year-old lady named Deborah from Dearborn, Michigan, who began placing an order for the 500 kilos of heroin. Unfortunately for Greiner, however, halfway through placing her order, Deborah from Lincoln revealed that her real name was Nancy from Lincoln, and that she was an undercover agent for the FBI. At that moment, a blast charge blew down the door of the QVC studio and 50 armed troopers in riot gear stormed in, seized the heroin, pinned Greiner to the ground, and placed her under arrest.. This is definitely a major setback for the . Shark Tank.  star. Not only has her merchandise been confiscated into federal custody, but she must now miss several tapings of her QVC show as she awaits trial for possessing and distributing a Schedule I controlled substance. It'll be interesting to see if Lori will be able to bounce back from this one! ,    Jeff Bezos may be one of the richest people of all time, but it's clear that he still suffers from some painful insecurities despite his wealth, as evidenced by the embarrassing public display he made recently: the Amazon CEO just started wearing one of those witch hats with the gray hair coming down the sides and formally announced that he is no longer bald.. Yikes. This is hard to watch.. This morning, Bezos released a video announcement filmed in his living room, in which he was wearing what was clearly a witch's hat from Party City, which had stringy, synthetic gray hair attached to the sides that cascaded down to Bezos " shoulders in frizzy-looking clumps. Viewers could clearly see the awkward crease from where the hat-wig hybrid was folded in its original plastic packaging as Bezos began his message, which he appeared overjoyed to deliver. . "Hello, America. I have an important message from Amazon.com, Inc. to share with you. Some of you may know that I was bald for many years, but I am happy to announce that that is no longer the case: this morning I bolted awake at 5:00 am to find that I had a head full of long, healthy locks," he said. "Whether this was the result of a miracle from God or simply my healthy lifestyle, I can't say -- all I know is that I just took a shower and washed my gorgeous, abundant hair with a whole bottle of shampoo, and I've never felt better.". God, this is sad. We all know that's not real hair, Jeff. Please just give it up.. "I may have been one of the richest men alive before, but I am now also one of the sexiest," Bezos went on. "If you thought of me as an old, bald CEO before, you won't any longer, because as you can see, I have overcome baldness completely. I have so much hair now that my ex wife has been on my lawn all day, banging on the front door and begging me to take her back. But I won't do it -- from now on, I will only be dating international supermodels, because I have been blessed with the kind of lush mane that would bring any man to his knees with envy. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go put my hair in a ponytail so I can go to the gym.". Wow. What a depressing sight. It looks like Jeff Bezos really thinks he's pulling one over on everybody, but that couldn't be further from the truth. We can all tell you're wearing a cheap witch costume, Jeff.  Here's hoping Bezos ends this charade sooner rather than later, because it's seriously bumming us out.,    It can be tough for car rental companies to distinguish themselves from the competition, but one company just separated itself from the pack in a seriously awesome way: Enterprise will now let you rent a car for six minutes at a time so you can have a space to privately belt "Defying Gravity.". Awesome!. Beginning this week, Enterprise customers will be able to rent a car for just the length of time needed to sing "Defying Gravity" from . Wicked . as loudly as possible without fear that their roommate or neighbor will overhear and think less of them. According to the company, designated cars will have the track queued up on the stereo system so drivers Don't have to waste any seconds of their six minute ride scrolling through their iTunes library to find the 2003 original cast recording of . Wicked. , and the cars " windows will even automatically roll down so customers can feel the wind in their hair as they pretend they're experiencing the same dramatic turning point as Elphaba when she decides to become the Wicked Witch of the West.. "While we know how fun it is to sing along with the emotional Act One closer from the Broadway smash hit . Wicked. , we also understand that it's widely considered pretty dorky to do so, even if everyone secretly knows all of the words," said the company in a press release. "That's why we're thrilled to give customers the chance to use our cars to passionately scream-sing  "Defying Gravity " while adding as many drum solos on the dashboard and exaggerated facial expressions as they want.". Enterprise locations will also equip the vehicles with GPS units pre-programmed with specific six minute, low traffic routes that drivers can gather serious speed on while building up towards Elphaba's climactic "look to the western sky" verse and all its glorious high notes. Customers can also bring along a companion for a small fee if they'd like to pretend they're Elphaba and Glinda singing a duet. . So cool! This is an absolute must for anyone who needs somewhere secluded to discreetly rock out to a song that's admittedly super embarrassing. Your move, Hertz!,    It's a sad reality that the media -- and especially the fashion industry -- is dominated by supermodels who boast unattainably flawless looks, but something amazing just happened today that shows that the world is moving in the right direction. Vogue just published its first-ever cover shoot featuring Percy!. This is an incredible milestone for inclusivity! To see Percy on the cover of a fashion magazine as prestigious as Vogue is truly amazing.. Yep! Your eyes aren't playing tricks on you. That's really Percy flaunting his body on the front cover of a magazine that used to be reserved for models like Cindy Crawford and Kate Moss!. "Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, and we at Vogue thought it was high time to celebrate quiet, polite beauty of Percy," said Anna Wintour, Vogue's legendary editor-in-chief.. "Percy breathes very loudly and for lunch he ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich while we were trying to photograph him," Wintour added.. If you're not standing up and cheering right now, you officially have no soul. Even 10 years ago, the idea of ever seeing a Vogue cover featuring Percy seemed like an impossible dream, but today is the dawn of a new era, because one the world's premier fashion mags has Percy's smiling face on it and it is honestly giving us life!. In the glamorous photoshoot, Percy is wearing Stretch Easy Relaxed Fit khakis by Kohl's ($50, $20 with coupon), White Shirt by Kohl's ($25 clearance sale price, original price unknown), Ortega Loafers by Skechers ($30 at Kohl's), and Vest by North Face (price unknown, gift from Percy's mom). He is looking absolutely stunning as he smiles softly at the camera, sending a signal to the whole world that you Don't have to be a skinny supermodel to make it to the epicenter of the fashion world.. This is one of the most inspiring things to ever happen in the history of fashion! If Percy can get his own Vogue cover shoot, then that means that Oliver can, and so can Rooster Junior! We may one day see an issue of Vogue or Elle where Rooster Junior is strutting his stuff and looking fabulous, even if he doesn't have the same so-called "perfect" proportions Kate Upton or Tyra Banks. We cannot stop cheering for Percy for breaking down such an important barrier! Be sure to rush out to your local newsstand and pick up an issue of Percy's Vogue cover shoot as soon as you possibly can!, Taking Action: When This Little Boy Fell Into The Tiger Enclosure At The San Diego Zoo, The Zoo Sent In An Additional 100 Children To Help Fight Off The Tigers. Tremendous! The Baby With A Sword Has Now Acquired A Bible. Heartbreaking: This Guy Talking About How He's Less Comfortable In Big Group Settings Doesn't Realize He's Even More Off-Putting And Strange One-On-One. No News Is Good News: It's Been A While Since We've Heard Anything About Net Neutrality So you've Got To Think It's All Been Worked Out By Now. How Well Do You Know The Words To Robert Frost's  "My Horse Is Stuck In A Tree (Once Again)? ". So Long: Harry Styles Has Retired After Learning The Girl He Was Doing All This To Impress Is Already Married. How The Hell Did This Happen Again?!?: It's Time To Feed Yourself For The Third Fucking Time Today.       Prepare for a hearty laugh, because what you are about to see is perhaps one of the most preposterous sights of all time: this man has a mustache.. Hah! The person before us is surely not a man, but rather a jester at whom we may point and giggle to our hearts " content!. For reasons known only to God, this man has made the absurd decision to shape his facial hair into a delicate line above his upper lip, leaving the remainder of his face completely clean-shaven like that of a young boy. His mustache, which sits like a pitiful garland adorning his mouth, is a dull brown color. The way it stretches laterally across his face is shocking, uncanny, simply unnatural -- what could possibly have led him to create this foolish display upon his unfortunate countenance?. How laughable must this man have looked as he carefully shaved around his mustache in the mirror, clipping it until the strange monstrosity hung just right beneath his nose like a hairy portrait on display in the world's stupidest art museum? Just ridiculous!. This man had plenty of choices as to what he could have done with the hair growing on his face. A full-face shave, a respectable beard--even a .  would have been a less ludicrous option than his choice to cultivate this insane, 3-inch-long strip of hair that moves each time he speaks! He is like a Dr. Seuss cartoon come to life with the insane bristle brush he has chosen to grow upon his face. Surely he must not be able to utter a word without provoking derisive laughter from all those around him, because he simply looks like a clown! . How could anyone take a silly man like this one seriously? . He had his chance at being a normal, upright member of society, but this man threw it all away, Instead, he has opted to become a contemptible fool who must purchase a preposterous little brush that he now uses to get crumbs out of his mustache at the end of the day. The way he looks as he gingerly brushes at his mustache to clean it up each night before bed is nothing short of shocking. His enormous grin underneath the mustache is evidence that he thinks that what he has done to his facial hair is appropriate, even attractive, but his belief could not be farther from the truth--in fact, he has cast himself out from polite society, and made of himself an utter laughingstock. Adults and children alike must shake their heads in pity at him as he walks down the street, proudly showing off his mustache like a total buffoon.. How sad! This man is truly ridiculous as they come. Shave your face, sir!,    If you haven't yet found the motivation to make productive use of your time during quarantine, here's a story that will inspire you not to give up hope: this woman who's accomplished nothing all quarantine figures she "ll knock the next global pandemic out of the park.. Great outlook! You'll get  "em next time!. Although 29-year-old Rachel Vivano has spent the entirety of the COVID-19 pandemic sitting around binge-watching shows she's already seen and scrolling on her phone, she's not letting it get her down. Instead, she's opted to take it easy for the time being, feeling reasonably confident that next time all of human civilization is brought to its knees by an unrelenting contagion of biblical scale, she "ll be mentally prepared to go all-in on enriching activities like learning to bake bread, getting into gardening, and completely reorganizing her apartment. . "Look, I'll admit that I definitely haven't made the best use of my quarantine time, but I figure this can sort of just be a practice pandemic. Next time there's a great global plague that brings death to hundreds of thousands of people--like, maybe some sort of lab-engineered circulatory virus that makes blood shoot out of people's eyes--I'll be 100 percent ready to go full-on carpe diem and do cool things like learn to play the guitar," explained Rachel. "Sure, I only rolled my yoga mat once to do a workout video this time around, but the next time an unruly wave of pestilence and unprecedented suffering overtakes the entire planet, I'm going to start going on long, refreshing runs first thing in the morning followed by a super nutritious breakfasts to give me the energy I need to start learning French!". Hell yes! . "Seriously, as soon as I get wind of a viral hemorrhagic fever that, say, completely melts people's organs within 48 hours and causes them to suffocate on their own liquefied lung tissue, I'm going to start a book club for classic novels I always meant to read but never did, and I'm going to make sure to include all the friends who I've totally fallen out of touch with, too!" she continued after noting that she'd only managed to do a couple Zoom happy hours with her friends during this pandemic before they fell out of the habit.. "And even if the next pandemic is caused by some crazy environmental thing that makes all of the air on earth toxic and it's no longer safe to leave your house without a military-grade gas mask, I swear I'm going to find a way to grocery shop so I can cook a different dish every night, no matter how challenging or time-intensive it is," added Rachel. "It's about time I finally learned how to cook! I've been living off of boxed mac and cheese and takeout for basically this whole pandemic.". Although Rachel could easily order some crochet needles or download Duolingo now to make the most of this current pandemic--which experts predict will last another year, at minimum--she instead prefers to focus on her plan for the next time a super disease results in widespread suffering and death, citing that it's essential she spend this pandemic resting so she has the energy to really grab the next one by the horns.. Whether the next infection that forever alters life as we know it happens in two years or 10, it looks like Rachel is definitely going to crush it and use that time to become the person she always wanted to be! You got this, girl!,    For years now, Amazon has been inflicting untold damage on the American people, whether by squashing small businesses, paying low wages to workers while hoarding unprecedented wealth, or baldly exploiting the economy for their own tremendous gain. It's a corporate behemoth that avoids paying taxes and wreaks havoc on the environment, yet we've long ignored these ugly realities so that we can continue enjoying the company's unbeatable prices and ultra-fast shipping. However, we can no longer turn a blind eye to Amazon's misdeeds. America must take a stand and stop supporting Amazon as soon as my new badminton set comes in the mail.. I've turned on text notifications for my package, and I just got a message that said it should be arriving today. So hopefully in a few hours the badminton set will arrive on my doorstep, at which point it will be time to say goodbye to Amazon for good.. Jeff Bezos, Amazon's CEO, is the richest person in the world. He makes millions of dollars per day while the workers in his factories spend long hours laboring in poor conditions for unlivable wages. When we spend our money on Amazon, we're saying we Don't care about these workers. We're saying "I prefer to give my money to a mega-billionaire instead of those who really need it, and I'm willing to let you suffer so I can save $7 on a Franklin Sports Volleyball and Badminton Set," which I honestly think Amazon workers would totally understand, as everyone loves saving a buck, but that's besides the point. We need to show the workers that we're on their side, not the corporation's.. The reality is that America doesn't need Amazon, as we got by just fine for hundreds of years before they came along. Honestly, there's nothing at all forcing you to order from them. You can easily go to a local sporting goods store and buy a badminton set there, which is what I tried to do, but none of theirs doubled as a volleyball net like the one on Amazon, or had nearly as good reviews as the one I ordered that had a 4.7 star rating, compiled from over 500(!) Amazon users, so you know it's actually going to be good. We should be supporting local businesses as much as we possibly can, although with occasional exceptions, such as when you're too tired to actually drive somewhere to shop or when you've got a lot of things you need to buy at once and can get them shipped bundled together in a single package, thus helping the environment.. Sure, a Prime membership means that I can get a badminton set shipped to me just in time for a party I spontaneously planned 48 hours beforehand, and we as adults can understand why this was really my only option, but for the most part, there's no excuse for abandoning our values for the sake of convenience. We're better than this, and if we want to prove it, then we need to do the right thing and cancel our Prime memberships. . Although, to be clear, I'll probably keep my Prime membership for a couple more weeks just to be sure that the badminton set is working okay in case I need to return it using Amazon's incredible easy return service. And I still haven't finished season three of . The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. , so obviously I need to hang onto Prime until I have that wrapped up, and if it ends up being really good, I might have no choice but to hold off on cancelling for a bit longer since I think they're dropping season four at some point in the not-too-distant future. But you can see how my hands are tied here, and please believe me when I say that I would 100 percent cancel Prime this very second if I could. . Also, I hear great things about . Fleabag. , so I might check that one out, too.  . But when it comes down to it, where you spend your money matters, and once I secure a summer of endless fun via an incredibly well-priced badminton set and get all caught up on the prestige television that Amazon holds exclusivity on, then it's time for us all to come together and use our purchasing power to show Amazon that we won't allow them to keep treating their workers and our planet so badly anymore. Yes, Amazon is amazing, and yes, it's helping American families saving much-needed money in a time of historic economic instability, and yes, it protects us from COVID-19 by allowing us to safely shop from home. But this is all superficial bullshit, and at the end of the day, what truly matters is occasionally greatly inconveniencing yourself to throw a few extra bucks in revenue towards struggling mom-and-shop businesses and giving them the false hope they need to prolong their miserable trudge towards the inevitable bankruptcy one signs up for when they foolishly choose to pursue the myth of the American Dream and all its impossible promises. . Enough is enough. Let the countless fun memories I'll make this summer with my badminton serve as a stark reminder of how evil Amazon truly is as we fight for a better world that's free of all the remarkable benefits the company has to offer.,    For years, safe-haven laws have allowed mothers in crisis to safely and anonymously abandon their infants when they have no place to turn, and now some people are looking to build on this model to help even more of those in need: the New York Fire Department just announced that you can now abandon unwanted adults at their fire stations, too. . Amazing! Kudos to the NYFD for going above and beyond to help people out.. In a statement released last week, the NYFD revealed that they have outfitted all their stations with secure drop-off boxes large enough to accommodate any adults you're getting pretty sick of and Don't want to deal with anymore, whether obnoxious coworkers, awkward old friends from high school you can't get to leave you alone, or roommates who are honestly really friendly but nonetheless drive you crazy in some way that's hard to pinpoint. Individuals left in the boxes will be designated as wards of the state and given fulfilling new lives centered around manual labor, freeing those who surrendered them from having to put up with them and all their annoying bullshit any longer.  . "Since the NYFD began its safe-haven program for infants, we've had many desperate people try to drop off adult friends or relatives they absolutely cannot fucking stand, but we've sadly had to turn them all away in their time of need," said New York City fire chief John Sudnik. "These people were coming to us as their last resort, and it killed us to explain to them that the service was meant for struggling women and girls who wanted a better life for their unplanned newborns, not people who are suffering through sleepless nights due to their 43-year-old neighbor playing EDM incredibly loud at all hours. We're thrilled that we can finally now offer these people hope and take their insufferable EDM neighbors off their hands, giving them a new lease on life.". Though it hasn't yet been a full week since the new program was launched, already more than 520 unwanted adults have been surrendered at fire stations throughout the city, proving that there is an overwhelming need for the service. Even critics of the program must admit that it's an undeniable improvement on how things were before, when city sidewalks were littered with piles of sucky, irritating individuals who "d been discarded by a society that wasn't designed to support them, leaving them with no one to piss off with their awful open-mouth chewing, overbearing conversational presences, and other insufferable traits with which they burden the world.. Wow! Now THIS is what compassion looks like!. With the immediate success of FDNY's new adult drop-off service, it's only a matter of time before more cities begin expanding their baby drop-off services to include adults as well. If you're struggling to get by due to the unplanned presence of someone shitty in your life, Don't give up now, as hopefully it won't be long before these adult drop-off boxes come to fire stations all around the country. ,    The competition between space agencies to successfully land a person on Mars has been heating up over the past few years, but it looks like the race has finally found a winner: this man who pointed a leaf blower downward at full blast has beaten NASA and SpaceX to Mars.. Wow! The race to Mars is officially over!. As confirmed by footage from NASA's Curiosity rover, Reggie Lindahl, a 46-year-old resident of Utica, New York, just officially became the first person to land on Mars. Neighbors of Lindahl confirmed that he was cleaning some leaves off his driveway yesterday afternoon when he accidentally pointed his Dewalt handheld leaf blower straight at the ground and was immediately rocketed up into the sky. Although Reggie seemed surprised by his sudden takeoff, at first screaming "Help!" as he flailed helplessly through the air, once he passed the tree line he actually seemed to be enjoying himself, shouting "Woo! I can fly! Let's take this thing to space, baby!" before cranking up the power on the leaf blower and aiming himself towards the cosmos.  . Local air traffic control became aware of the situation after Lindahl crossed into regulation airspace, and they then alerted NASA to the rogue astronaut's presence just in time for researchers on the International Space Station to look out the window and see him soaring past with a big smile on his face, yelling "I'm FLYING THROUGH OUTER SPACE! I'm A FUCKING GOD!" At this point, sources confirm that officials at both NASA and SpaceX began to worry that Lindahl might beat them to the Red Planet, which is exactly what he did earlier today. Footage taken by the Curiosity rover shows Lindahl wildly crash-landing on Mars this morning at 6:31 EST, after which he staggered to his feet, looked around confusedly, and shouted, "Where the heck am I? The freaking moon?" He then pumped his fists in celebration and cried out "Reggie's on the moon, baby!" before joyously pounding back the contents of a flask he'd produced from the back pocket of his blue jeans.  . Wow! History has been made, and it's all thanks to the leaf blower Lindahl bought from Home Depot at a 70 percent discount three Black Fridays ago.. To commemorate his feat, Lindahl gathered several armfuls of rocks to spell out "REGGIE RULES" in the dirt. He then decided to take advantage of the low gravity and hop in and out of craters for a while, yelling "Look at me! I'm a freakin' NBA player!" over and over until he eventually landed awkwardly and twisted his ankle, at which point he writhed on the ground in pain for several minutes before getting tuckered out and falling asleep. . The news of Lindahl's landing comes as a huge blow to NASA and SpaceX, who both had invested incredible sums of money into the race to send the first manned mission to Mars. While there's no word yet on whether these space agencies will move forward with their Mars missions or pivot to different pursuits, it's safe to say that Lindahl has definitely thrown a wrench into their plans.. At press time, Lindahl had yet to start up his leaf blower again to begin the long journey back to Earth, but once he returns, there's no question he "ll receive a hero's welcome for pulling off such a historic feat. Safe travels, Reggie! Your Mars adventure was a monumental achievement for mankind and an inspiration to billions of people back here on Earth.,    Well, huh. Can't say we totally understand what the . Who's The Boss.  star is doing, but it seems like it's at least making him pretty happy: Tony Danza has taken out a billboard in central Pennsylvania with a picture of his face that just says "hello!". Who the hell knows what he's on about with this one, but you do you, Tony!. Earlier this week, Pennsylvania residents reported the appearance of a new billboard along Interstate 80 outside of State College displaying nothing but the close up face of Tony Danza with a speech bubble extending from his mouth saying, "Hello!" The billboard also features a small message in the right hand corner that says "Billboard Paid For By Tony Danza," which unfortunately gives us pretty much zero idea of why Tony took out the billboard or what it's supposed to mean. . This certainly doesn't make any sense, but it's not the craziest thing to ever happen. Whatever brings you joy is alright with us, Mr. Danza.. To make things even more puzzling, several eyewitness reports confirmed that yesterday afternoon a Kia Soul pulled over beside the billboard on the side of the highway and Tony Danza got out of the vehicle. He proceeded to wave to the billboard and yell "Hello!" at it before getting back into the car through the passenger side and saying, "Step on it, driver!" However, because there was no one else in the car, Tony then slid over into the driver's seat before continuing east with a huge grin on his face while nodding his head as though he was listening to an awesome rock song, even though he wasn't.. You know what? Sure. We can just let Tony Danza have this ...whatever the hell it is.. While Tony Danza has not addressed what compelled him to take out the billboard or if there's any significance in its location, earlier this morning, he posted a tweet stating "Hope you like it!" and many fans are considering this Tony Danza's way of telling them to enjoy the billboard, even though the tweet does not actually reference it in any way. If you ask us, the tweet doesn't actually bring clarity to the situation, but if you're a Tony Danza fan and you want to take that post as a sign that you should drive to the middle of Pennsylvania to say "hello" to the billboard yourself, we're not gonna stop you. Have at it!. Alright then! We have absolutely no idea what the hell Tony Danza's up to, but it seems like he really knows what he's doing so who are we to question it! Live it up, brother!,    While the environmental issues our planet faces may be daunting, there is some good news, because one huge corporation just announced a change that will cut down on unnecessary waste in a major way: Starbucks is doing away with plastic cups entirely and will replace them with a giant trough that customers can drink coffee out of!. Yes! We are so here for this!. Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson announced the change in a press conference earlier this week, where he let customers and stockholders know that beginning in a month, Starbucks locations all across America would remove wasteful, single-use coffee cups and replace them with a large, in-store metal trough that customers can kneel down and lap their coffee out of. "We are committed to being a part of a more sustainable society, and that's why we engineered these incredible reusable troughs, which up to ten customers can stick their faces in at a time," he explained. "Our customers can still expect the same delicious coffee from us, but instead of buying it cup by cup, they will walk into our stores, pay $4, and wait for one of our baristas to dump several gallons of coffee into the trough and ring the coffee bell. Then, customers young and old will be able to jockey for a spot at the trough and lap up as much coffee as they can before the bell rings again and the feeding period ends.". Now, this is fantastic! It's so great to see a company like this take a stand to protect our planet!. Johnson went on to assure Starbucks lovers that they would still be able to experience their favorite specialty drinks at the new coffee troughs. "Our incredible baristas will be able to squirt syrup and whipped cream into your mouth while you drink from the trough upon request," he said. "And customers Don't need to worry about fights or stampedes, as our staff has been equipped with state-of-the-art cattle prods to break up any physical altercations would prevent Starbucks lovers from getting their caffeine hit.". According to Johnson, the stainless steel troughs will hit Starbucks stores next month, once the company's managers and baristas were trained in important maintenance protocols, like hosing the troughs down at the end of the day and rescuing any customers who may fall face-first into the troughs. Once this training is complete, customers can expect to crawl into their local Starbucks and sidle up to the enormous coffee receptacle to enjoy their morning cup of joe while feeling good about leaving a cleaner planet for our children.. Wow, this is awesome! It turns out you Don't have to give up your Starbucks habit if you're worried about the environment! Instead, you can slurp up your favorite drinks from a Starbucks branded trough and know that you are doing a service to the natural world. How awesome! Let's hope more companies follow suit with this kind of environmental initiative!,    The ocean is filled with countless magnificent creatures, and some of them are experts about who you are and what you are like. Here are five fish that know all about you.. This flounder has heard all about you. He's been told all about your life and what you're like. He knows about when you were born and what your favorite movies are. He swims around all day pissed off that he knows about you. He wants to know about other people, but instead he knows all about you.. No human on dry land knows more about you than this hammerhead shark does. It knows all your hopes and fears. It knows what you dreamed about last night, even if you've already forgotten. It has an extensive knowledge of your wardrobe. It swims around all day long thinking about all the different shirts and shoes that you own. When it's chomping into other fish or eating seals, all it's thinking about is your laundry. It doesn't have any way to use any of this information, and that makes it very angry. It just has to spend its life swimming around in the ocean knowing about all the different clothes that you own.. All day long this octopus is knowing all about you. It is capable of camouflaging itself to escape predators, contort its body to fit through tiny spaces, and recall every single one of your middle school locker combinations. Every morning, it draws a perfect image of your face in the sand of the ocean floor and thinks, "I wish this picture of a person was food or a shiny rock instead. Knowing about this person is useless to me." This octopus knows your height and weight. It once tried to tell a sea turtle what your height and weight were, but the sea turtle got sick and died before the octopus could finish telling it about how tall you are and how much you weigh. . This disgusting thing knows everything there is to know about you. It lives at the bottom of the ocean and spends its days thinking about everything you've ever done. It whispers the name of your favorite song to other gross fish that live near it. It belches the name of your first crush into the mouth of an undersea volcano. It named a smaller fish after your grandmother and then ate that smaller fish. That's the kind of stuff that this gross weird fish does at the bottom of the ocean, and that's because it knows your whole deal. There are no secrets about yourself that you can keep from this weird gross fish.,    Every day our beautiful president Donald JOHN Trump proves that he is the reincarnation of Jesus Christ mixed with the reincarnation of MUSCULAR Thomas Jefferson, and today he has once again proved it with his powerful tongue and his mighty lips, which flap in the wind like two American flags whenever he speaks: President Trump just gave a wonderful speech announcing that the Twin Towers are 69-ing each other in Heaven!. What a beautiful thing to know about! Thank you to JOHN the President (TRUMP) for telling us about how the beloved skyscrapers from 9/11 are pleasuring each other orally in the Great Hereafter!. The amazing speech took place in the White House Rose Garden earlier today. President Trump spoke in front of a group of DISGUSTING REPORTERS from the Lamestream Media and told us all about how after the Twin Towers were killed by Osama bin Laden on the tragic November morning of 9/11, the POWERFUL buildings went to paradise and began to give each other oral pleasure in a 69 type of way. This is what President TRUMP told reporters during his wonderful speech:. "My fellow Americans, I come here as your President to share something beautiful with you. After the Twin Towers were killed on 9/11, that tragic day, they woke up in Heaven with all the angels. Without saying a word, the North Tower lay on his back and the South Tower climbed on top of him, facing the opposite direction and the two of them started giving each other oral sex in a holy union known as a 69. The angels of Heaven sing beautiful songs as these giant skyscrapers that we all love from 9/11 go to town on each other. They never get bored of 69-ing and the sound of their gigantic metal frames flopping around in the clouds makes a tremendous noise and keeps everyone in Heaven awake forever. God and Jesus are also in Heaven and they spend their whole day watching the Twin Towers 69-ing each other and nodding in approval. Jesus says things like,  "Oh yes. Oh yes. The buildings from 9/11 are fucking each other with their mouths. " And God says things like,  "OH! Muu muu muu muu! " because God cannot speak English and communicates mostly through noises. The North Tower is the South Tower's grandmother, and that makes God and Jesus even happier when they watch them 69 each other. Jesus says,  "I'm glad these two buildings are grandma and grandson while they pleasure each other, " and God says,  "Mim mim mim mim! " and smiles big.. On 9/11, Osama bin Laden tried to destroy this country's spirit, but he failed, because he never could have guessed when he knocked down those fabulous tall restaurants known as the Twin Towers that those two buildings would spend the rest of eternity giving each other fancy blowjobs under the happy gaze of Christ and his uncle God. Osama bin Laden is also in Heaven, and he hates that the Twin Towers are 69-ing each other. Osama bin Laden spends all his time in Heaven screaming at the towers,  "No! Stop pleasuring each other, you stupid buildings! " and he screams at the 69-ing Twin Towers all day while a beautiful angel gives him a shoulder massage. In this way, America has won the War on Terror, and we will keep winning against the terrorists using the Army and the Boy Scouts.. I'm proud to be the one to deliver this happy news to you. Maybe one day if you look into the sky and squint extra hard, you'll be able to catch a glimpse of the Twin Towers 69-ing each other. They're never going to stop doing it, and that's why America is the greatest nation on Earth. Thank you and goodbye. I'm Trump.". This is truly an amazing time to be from America (U.S.A.)! We have the best president in the world and we have the most POWERFUL army and the SCARIEST Boy Scouts. Thank you to JOHN Trump (Donald the President) for letting America know that the beautiful Twin Towers are giving each other mutual oral pleasures in paradise! We can't wait to die and see it for ourselves!, Public Health Win: Arby's Has Announced That You Are No More Likely To Contract COVID-19 From Eating At Arby's Than Any Other Infectious Disease. Sorry In Advance, But The Only Two Results On This  "Which Harry Potter Character Are You? " Quiz Are Dobby And Frank Sinatra. A Change Of Heart: 6 Celebs Grandma Has Moved From Her Hit List To Her Beefcake List. Good God: This Woman Must Not Have Many People In Her Life If you're One Of Her  "Close Friends " On Instagram. 7 Straight-Up Wacky State Laws That You Should Still Be Pretty Aware Of If you're Black. 6 Household Items Dad Is Currently Feuding With. 5 Times My Grandma Possessed Someone To Brag To Me About How She Was Getting Railed By Babe Ruth In Hell.   
    The United Kingdom is in mourning today after a shocking announcement that one of the most celebrated marriages in the history of the country's monarchy has come to an end: Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip have divorced after bitterly fighting over which one of them would get to eat the silica packet in a bag of beef jerky.. Absolutely devastating. It's so tragic to see this royal union come to an end after 70 years.. At 3 a.m. today, royal guards at Buckingham Palace discovered Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip rolling around on the floor wrestling over a packet of silica gel from a bag of Jack Link's Beef Jerky. Those present said that the Queen and her husband both referred to the silica packet as "the meat gems" and were engaged in a vicious verbal argument about which one of them would get to swallow the little baggy of dehydrating crystals. Queen Elizabeth repeatedly yelled, "I want to eat them! They taste like poison and they look beautiful!" and Prince Philip kept yelling, "Let me eat the meat gems, you miserable shrew!" . Guards tried to pull the Queen off of Prince Philip, but the Queen bit the guard's hand when he got too close. After several hours of fighting and screaming at each other, Queen Elizabeth abruptly shrieked, "I cannot stay married to anyone who will not let me eat the fabulous meat gems, which taste like poison! We are now divorced!". Buckingham Palace has confirmed that Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip had thrown the actual beef jerky into the garbage.. Shortly after deciding to dissolve her marriage, Queen Elizabeth released the following statement from Buckingham Palace:. "Hello. This Queen Elizabeth, the Prime Minister of England. I am divorcing my gluttonous husband Prince Philip because he would not let me eat the gems of the meat. They taste like poison and I want to eat them because they are beautiful. When I eat the meat gems, I feel sick and I feel immortal. My marriage may be over, but my journey to eat as much silica gel as possible is only beginning. I will be buying thousands of bags of Jack Link's beef jerky and eating all the meat gems contained within. I buy Jack Link's because their beef tastes the worst, but their silica gels taste the most poisonous. Thank you, England. Do not ever ask me for anything. Sincerely, Queen Elizabeth.". In response to the Queen's message, Prince Philip released his own statement, posted as a YouTube comment underneath a video called "The 10 Best Anime Villains Of All Time":. "Hello. This is Prince Philip, the King of England. I have decided to divorce my lizard of a wife Queen Elizabeth because she would not let me eat the beautiful meat gems even though I deserved them for being so tall and so old. Queen Elizabeth is a jock and one time she stuffed me in my locker. Since I cannot eat the meat gems, I will be leaving Buckingham Palace to make my way in the world on my own. I will be spending the remainder of my life driving very badly and crashing into things. I am also interested in appearing in pornographic films based on Pixar movies. Thank you for your support during this time.". Well, it truly looks like this is the end of the road for Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip. After everything they've been through together, it's tragic to think that their marriage should come to an end over a squabble over the silica gel from a bag of beef jerky. Still, it looks like both of them were desperate to eat the "meat gems," and if they couldn't come to an agreement it only makes sense that they would get divorced. Here's hoping that the U.K. is able to heal itself after this shocking divorce!,
    Oh, God, here's a story that is guaranteed to bum you out: This guy talking about how he's less comfortable in big group settings doesn't realize he's even more off-putting and strange one-on-one.. Woof. Poor guy just has no business socializing. . In a recent conversation with an old high school friend, 30-year-old data analyst Mike Senter made an off-handed comment about how he feels like he acts awkwardly at parties and other group gatherings, adding that he believes he is much more in his element when he's just hanging out with one other person, which anyone who has had to suffer through face-to-face smalltalk with him knows is absolutely not the case. . In reality, Mike is a guy you only hang out with when you run out of excuses not to, as he's one of those people who's always making super intense, uncomfortable eye contact and sharing way-too-personal details about his private life that you're never quite sure how to respond to. Worse, you always get the sense that he's unloading all the thoughts that have accumulated in his brain since the last time he had someone to talk to, so you inevitably get stuck nodding along for what feels like hours on end as he shares all his Reddit-ass Libertarian views on what's happening in the world while occasionally going off on bizarre, buzzkill tangents about sad shit in his life like how his mom has MS and how women on dating apps treat him like shit. . Seriously, the dude will just go on and on about shit that you clearly have no interest in talking about. The lack of self-awareness is staggering. Staggering! . In large groups, Mike kind of fades into the background and often doesn't talk at all, which is sort of a best-case scenario compared to the thing where he comes over to your apartment alone and helps himself to way too many of your snacks, and then stays at least a couple hours past when you've hinted that you'd like to go to sleep. Nonetheless, you always try your best to humor him, as overall he's a generally nice person and you can really sense that he just needs someone to talk to, but you know you're definitely taking one for the team when you agree to meet up with him for drinks. It's not like you actually want to hang out with him, but you can only say no to his invites so many times before you start feeling like a dick.. Unfortunately, Mike is oblivious to all of this and instead seems to believe that people appreciate his bleak and emotionally invasive conversation style--otherwise he might actually lighten up a little and talk about stuff besides his sad-ass stories about getting ghosted by Tinder girls he was falling in love with.  . Seriously, talking to Mike one-on-one sucks so goddamn much. . Here's hoping Mike starts getting better at socializing, as the dude really needs to rethink his whole deal if he wants to keep having friends. The sad reality, though, is that he thinks he's better off having one-on-one conversations with people who clearly aren't interested in what he's saying than he is just being a neutral presence at parties and not making people uncomfortable, and it seems like he "ll have to fundamentally change how he perceives the world in order to stop being such an oppressive social presence. The odds of that happening are slim to none, but let's all cross our fingers anyway.,    Just weeks after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, one of the country's most popular entertainment destinations is back in the spotlight with more big news: The parent company of Chuck E. Cheese has announced that there is an owl out there large enough to eat Chuck E. Cheese and that one day the owl will find him.. How fascinating! It's so cool to get to learn more about Chuck E. Cheese and his world!. This morning, CEC Entertainment, the parent company of the games-and-pizza chain released a statement revealing that there is a massive owl hunting Chuck E. Cheese, and he's getting closer and closer to finding him every day. Check it out! . "Good morning. Many of you probably look at Chuck E. Cheese and think,  "That mouse is the size of a man. He is too large to ever get eaten by an owl. " We are here to tell you that, in fact, there is an owl out there large enough to devour Chuck E. Cheese. That owl is hunting Chuck as we speak, and one day, inevitably, that owl will find him and eat him. The owl in question is about the size of a school bus. Someday in the future, maybe tomorrow, maybe 10 years from now, that gigantic owl will swoop down on Chuck E. Cheese, grab the grinning rodent in his powerful talons and fly away with him into the sky. The owl will eat Chuck E. Cheese and regurgitate an owl pellet that contains Chuck E. Cheese's bones, as well as his cool backpack and hat.. We are also excited to inform you that Chuck E. Cheese is constantly nauseous with fear over this owl, and that he knows it's impossible for him to escape from it. One day Chuck E. Cheese will be going about his normal business, like entertaining children at birthday parties by showing them how far he can spit his chewing tobacco or mugging people in the restaurant parking lot at night and demanding that they give him any chewing tobacco that they have on them, when all of a sudden he will hear the ear-piercing shriek of a bus-sized owl, and that will be the end of his life. Chuck E. Cheese has been trying to defend himself by chewing as much tobacco as he can in order to give his flesh an unpleasant bitter taste that the owl will find disgusting, but in his heart he knows that this is futile. He knows the owl will eat him even if he tastes disgusting. When Chuck E. Cheese does get eaten, we will celebrate with a 20-percent-off pizza deal for our customers.. Okay, that's all the news we have for now.  Goodbye.". So cool! It's truly illuminating to know that Chuck E. Cheese lives in constant fear of the gargantuan bird of prey that hunts him day and night! We wish Chuck E. Cheese the best of luck in his quest to chew enough tobacco to make himself taste disgusting, but it sounds like that ultimately won't make a difference. We can't wait until the day finally comes when the large owls finds Chuck E. Cheese and carries him away screaming into the sky!, 5 Times Presidents Interrupted TV Broadcasts Just To Talk About A Cool Idea They Had For A Movie. Not Sure How This Happened, But Okay: This Man Rang A Little Bell For 25 Seconds On A Livestream And He Raised $650 Million For COVID Relief. Are You A Carrie, A Samantha, Or Several Samanthas?. We Asked 6 Porn Stars About Their Most Memorable Experience Filming A Sex Scene. Modern-Day Sophie's Choice: This Woman Can't Seem To Decide If She Wants Her Profile Picture To Be A Blurry Picture Of Her Son Or A Blurry Picture Of Her Daughter And Keeps Switching Back And Forth Between The Two. 60 Things Dad Looks For In A New Pair Of Shorts. Well, When you're That Old It Doesn't Really Matter What You Do: Betty White Has Officially Changed Her Name To  "Trish Spaghetti ".       Brace yourself, because one of today's most popular music stars just made a heartbreaking announcement about the future of his career: Harry Styles has retired from music after learning the girl he was doing all this to impress is already married.. Ah, this is a bummer, but you can't blame the guy. So long, Harry! .  . Styles made the announcement earlier today in an emotional video posted to his Twitter and Instagram accounts. "Hey everyone, I've got some news that isn't easy to say," Styles began. "Back in 2010, when I was in school in England, I fell in love with a girl in my math class. I vowed to do all I could to make her mine. I knew she loved music, so I decided to go on . The X Factor.  to impress her. That didn't work, so I joined a boy band, One Direction. Honestly, I didn't even like doing it. I Don't like playing guitar, and I thought all of our songs were pretty stupid. I just hoped that if I got really famous she'd think, . That guy prancing around the stage in his costumes needs to be my boyfriend. .". "The boy band didn't make her my girl, though, so I went solo. But I didn't give a damn about anything I was doing. Do you think I gave a shit about being on Carpool Karaoke? Christ, no. I just hoped she'd see me on TV. Do you think I liked doing a Tiny Desk concert? Of course not! It was so hot in that little room, my God. But I knew she liked NPR, so I sucked it up and did it, just like I sucked it up and did that boring-as-shit . Dunkirk.  movie. I only did all this silly nonsense because I thought it would impress her and make her realize that I was her one true love.". "But alas, I've unfortunately just learned from her Instagram that she got married six years ago. God, I feel like such an idiot. I wasted so much time. She married a finance guy, too. Totally different from what I was going for--thought she would've fancied the artsy type. I would have spent years learning about bonds and shit if I knew that's what she would've liked. Instead, I spent years practicing guitar and writing stupid songs. I mean, do you realize how long it took me to learn to dance? Ages, people! None of this shit came naturally to me. And I'm afraid there's just no point in doing any of this anymore now that I know she's married with two kids. The right choice for me now is to leave the limelight for good, and I hope that you can respect my privacy during this time.". Wow. . Styles definitely isn't joking around about this, either. The pop star has already cancelled his 2021 tour dates, and recent paparazzi photos show him throwing all of his music equipment into a trash can outside his Los Angeles home. This is definitely the end of an era. Best of luck to Harry on whatever he decides to do next!,    Get ready for the pick-me-up of the century, because very few tales of heroism will make you cheer as much as this one: When a little boy fell into the tiger enclosure at the San Diego Zoo, zoo officials sent in an additional 100 children to help him fight off the tigers.. Absolutely incredible! The San Diego Zoo deserves a standing ovation for taking such decisive action in a time of crisis.. While visiting the zoo with his mom yesterday morning, three-year-old Jeremy Feldman lost his balance and tumbled into a cage containing three full-grown Malayan tigers. Realizing that Jeremy was in mortal danger since he was alone in a pen with multiple deadly jungle cats, zoo officials acted quickly and within minutes had released 100 additional kids into the enclosure to help Jeremy in his impending fight against the dangerous predators.. It's so heartwarming to know that there are still people in the world who will do whatever it takes to keep children safe!. Once the additional hundred little kids entered, the tiger enclosure descended into chaos. Everything was an indistinct blur of flashing claws and fangs and tiny little fists flailing about, which was a good sign that the zoo's valiant efforts to save Jeremy were working. The boy's panicking mother was able to take comfort in the fact that her son had 100 allies his age to help him fight off the tigers. The most beautiful part of this story is that the zoo's rescue efforts worked! The tigers were able to maul a few dozen children, but not all of them. There were simply too many little kids for the tigers to take out in a timely fashion, which meant that security personnel had plenty of time to enter the enclosure and pull Jeremy to safety.. Um, is it dusty in here or something? Because we are definitely tearing up!. "Obviously, one toddler stands absolutely no chance against three vicious 200-pound tigers, but 100 toddlers have much better odds of neutralizing the threat," a zoo spokesperson told reporters. "We saw that immediate action needed to be taken and didn't hesitate to unleash a stampede of children upon the dangerous animals, thus diffusing the situation. We're proud to report that our rescue efforts were a great success!". This is officially the most wonderful story you're likely to hear all year long! Our hats are off to the incredible team at the San Diego Zoo for bravely stepping up to protect the safety of a young visitor. Hopefully in the future more zoos can take a cue from this story and have a large mob of children on hand to scare wild animals away from people in danger!,    Ah, fuck. you've got to be fucking kidding. Even though it feels like there's no way this could be true, it's somehow it's time to feed yourself for the third fucking time today.. How the hell did this happen again?!?. Even though you already ate plenty of food during the other two meals of the day, for some fucking dumbass reason, you're hungry once again and need to eat . . Is there no end to this bullshit? First, you had to do breakfast, and you ate a bunch of eggs which was a whole fucking process because you had to deal with cooking them when you were still really tired. Then in the blink of a fucking eye, you were starving again and had to deal with lunch. Thankfully, you managed to go out and buy yourself a big ass turkey sandwich, which seemed like it would keep you full for like a whole fucking week, so you wouldn't have this problem of being hungry again. But it did happen again. It happened not even three fucking hours later. Jesus Christ.. God fucking dammit. Who the fuck has time for this shit? It's hard enough to figure out one meal a day. But THREE? Why the fuck does it have to be like this?. Not to mention, you're so hungry that you basically Don't even have the energy to deal with this at all right now. Of course you have no fucking leftovers in the fridge that you can just easily reheat, because you ate .  when you were hungry yesterday. Now you've got to try to cook a whole new food, which doesn't even make sense because how could you even have an idea of a third thing to eat in the day? There literally aren't enough foods to sustain living like this.. This is all so fucking STUPID. If we absolutely have to eat multiple meals a day, then it should just be two, and lunch shouldn't exist. If it were just breakfast and dinner it would free up your afternoon. Now THAT is something that actually makes sense, unlike the terrible reality that is three fucking meals every single day. . LITERALLY WHY?! WHO DOES THIS HELP?!?. Fucking Christ. Every day it's the same stupid bullshit. Eating. Getting hungry. Eating again. Getting hungry again. It is like being in Hell. Why do we have to have so many meals in a fucking day? Breakfast, snacks, lunch, snacks, dinner, snacks ... WILL IT EVER END? Can't one fucking meal be enough? Who the fuck made it be this way? Goddammit. Good fucking luck feeding yourself tonight. you're going to have to do it all over again tomorrow.,    Exciting news, everyone! We were just taking a relaxing morning stroll through the countryside when we stumbled upon a shit-ton of babies crawling around in a corn field. How awesome is that?!? . Check it out! It's a human baby! Hell yeah! Look what was crawling around out here in the corn! A human baby! When this little chunker saw us approaching, she got a bit spooked and burrowed down into the soil to hide. Not sure what she was doing all alone outside or how she got there, but she nonetheless brought a big smile to our faces!. Say hello to this little rascal! Just appeared out of nowhere and said the word "apple." Pretty darn cool, if you ask us. Always great to see a baby.. The last thing on earth you expect to find crawling around in a field is a baby, so when that does happen, you get pretty jazzed about it. No matter how many babies you find crawling around among cornstalks, it never stops being exciting.. Another one! What a lucky day! It's hard to know what the rules are when you find a baby like this in a corn field. Can you keep them? Should you call the cops? Probably best to just let the baby be, although full disclosure, we couldn't help but pinch this cutie's chubby little thighs.. What drew all of these babies into the cornfield? Was it the corn? This one had crawled up a corn stalk and was giggling as he rocked it back and forth. Unfortunately, he got a little too rowdy and ended up falling off and bonking his head. Awwww! Poor little fella!. Whoa! Guess you've gotta be careful where you step, you never know when there might be a baby crawling around. When you see a baby in a field, maybe try throwing her a handful of coins in case she needs money to call a cab to get home. It might just scare her away, but it's worth a try. Finding all these babies was such a wonderful experience. What a fun day in the corn.,    If you made it through public school in the United States, you've definitely heard Robert Frost's famous 1920 poem, "My Horse Is Stuck In A Tree (Once Again)." But how well do you know all the words? Take this quiz to find out!. I stand at odds with nature in the woods. My heart is spilling over with despair. For far above the ground where he once stood. ________________. The horse I have is good, and old, and big. For many years he served me more than well. But now he sits above me in the twigs. ________________. So many times before this has occurred. My fat old horse has shimmied up an oak. Then stayed there with the squirrels and the birds. ________________. The journey we are taking has been long. I must arrive in town before it's night. I'm put in mind of my old favorite song. "My Horse Is __________". His hooves are wrapped around the slender trunk. He must be thirty feet up in the sky. This whole ordeal has put me in a funk. ________________. I grab a pinecone from the leaf-strewn ground. And chuck it at my horse with all my power. It hits his ___ with a ____ sound. But still he does not topple from his tower. Alas, I've failed, and now the sun has set. My steed is laughing at me from the tree. Did I deserve this awful fate I've met?. ________________. Oh horse, my horse! You have not made me glad. I can't go on without you on the ground. When you are in a tree it drives me mad. ________________,    It's time to breathe a sigh of relief because we have some incredible news for people who were worried about the state of the internet: it's been a while since we've heard anything about net neutrality so you've got to think it's all been worked out by now!. Awesome! No news is good news!. A couple years ago, you couldn't go on Twitter or Facebook without seeing hundreds of posts about net neutrality and how we needed to protect it so that internet service providers wouldn't be allowed to limit internet speeds and control what websites their customers could access, but it's been a long time since anyone's posted about that stuff, so it seems pretty safe to conclude that all that stuff is over now. It's definitely been a year or two (or was it three?) since we saw people blacking out their profile pictures about it all, so that probably means it's all taken care of? If so, that's pretty cool! We did it!. Also, our internet is working fine and the price hasn't gone up or anything. Gotta think that means all this net neutrality stuff blew right over! . There was a whole thing with that guy, too, right? The guy who was in charge of the FCC who people said was especially awful? We can't recall his name right now which means we definitely haven't seen anybody talking about him online. That must mean that he got canned or something and this whole thing is over, which rocks! Or he turned out to be a good guy? Or he died? Whatever! It looks like whatever needed to happen to him in order to save the internet has happened, and that's great!. Maybe in late 2019 it went to court or something, because there were definitely a bunch of tweets about how you needed to call your lawmaker (?). Can't say we've seen anything like that recently, though, so that seems pretty good to us!. Well this has got to be great! All must be going well since we probably would be hearing about it if not, or the internet would have been destroyed or whatever people said was going to happen. However the hell the whole net neutrality thing panned out, it seems like it all went fine. Hooray!,
 Yes! Peloton Is Now Offering Finance Classes For Riders Who Are So Bad With Money That They Buy A Peloton. Give It A Shot: Quarantine Might Be A Good Time To Punch A Big Hole In Your Wall And Dig Around In There. Heartbreaking: This Birdwatcher Keeps Finding His Parents Having Sex In Trees While He's Looking For Exotic Birds. A Fucking Boss: This Badass Baby Just Threw His Cup. How Many Of These Rookie Mistakes Did You Make While Giving Birth The First Time?. I Once Ripped Open My Belly And Found Gears Instead Of Organs (by Robert De Niro).  "Grow Up And Get A Life ": Timothee Chalamet Has Threatened To Retire From Acting If The 30-Year-Old Internet People Who Are Obsessed With Him Don't Cut That Shit Out ASAP.       Friends, family, come and gather  "round! We've received word that something marvelous has transpired, something that shall soothe the masses in these troubled times and warm the cockles of every beating heart. Surely you will recall the . momentous day two summers " past.  when a babbling girl-child delighted mankind by employing her clumsy baby faculties to obtain a very large and formidable sword. It was an unfathomable feat, one that could certainly never be equaled--let alone surpassed--for as long as the sun held its glow. Yet miracles do happen, and today billions across the world shall unite in a collective yowl of disbelief at the truly miraculous news that the baby with a sword has now acquired a Bible!. Spectacular! Such a grand achievement for such a small baby!. Yes, one can hardly believe it, but the baby with the sword now has her very own King James Bible. No one knows how she was able to get her chubby, darling fingers on a Bible so large, and, eluded yet by the gift of speech, her great secret will not be divulged. But all will nonetheless be gladdened by the simple knowledge that she has indeed secured possession of a real leatherbound Bible, which she is now slapping about with her wee, grubby hands, oblivious to its holy contents. She is cooing merrily as she gladhands God's Word!. Huzzah! She is illiterate but is enjoying the book nonetheless! . Heartening, is it not? She has her sword in one hand and her Bible in another, and she is wielding both maniacally! These objects were not designed for someone of such pitiful size!. Thank you to God, our Great Provider, for creating this extraordinary baby. And thank you, baby, for somehow acquiring a gigantic King James Bible and waving it precariously over your head, the sight of which is a greatly needed salve in a world upended by disease and strife. It is truly a blessing unto us all!. Huzzah!,    My grandma, Nana Pat, passed away last year, and since then she's been returning from beyond the grave to take possession of the souls of the living so that she can tell me how things are going for her in Hell. Mostly, it sounds like she met baseball legend Babe Ruth down there, and she's been really open about how much sex they're having. Here are five times Nana Pat just had to take over someone's body so she could brag to me about how she was getting railed by Babe Ruth in Hell.. One time, boyfriend Jeff's eyes turned jet black, his head spun in a circle, and all the lights in our apartment started to flicker. I had a feeling it was my Grandma back from the afterlife to deliver a message to me, but I had no idea what she would say to me next. "Hello! It's me, Nana Pat. Guess what? I'm in that nasty old dungeon called Hell and I met the baseball man Babe Ruth down here and we are fucking like lunatics down here while the Devil throws garbage at us. While we have sex, Babe Ruth howls things like,  "I want to be in Heaven instead of Hell! Hell sucks! " and  "I'm Babe Ruth! I deserve to be in Heaven because I hit lots of home runs and my voice sounded kind of like Mickey Mouse! " Anyway, goodbye my dear. I'm going back to Hell to get the sexual treatment from Babe Ruth." Then, she left, and my boyfriend's body went limp. When he regained consciousness, he had no memory of what had happened.. A few days later, Nana Pat possessed my mom to tell me that Babe Ruth had discovered porn, and had become addicted to it. We were all at a big family dinner, when suddenly my mom collapsed, and her head slammed straight into her plate which was full of food. When she got up, she vomited black bile, and asked me in a deep, otherworldly voice how she "could get Babe Ruth to turn off the damn computer." Apparently Babe Ruth loved to use Hell's computer lab to go to porn sites and type in searches like, "Videos of Babe Ruth (ME) getting naked near Babe Ruth's wife," and "Carmen Miranda without her fruit hat." My grandma said this was very frustrating because Babe Ruth's porn addiction was cutting into the time he could be spending railing her all day long while the Devil threw garbage at them. My grandma also said that whenever a porn video he was watching ended, Babe Ruth would start sobbing and muttering, "The dream is over ..." My family just sort of stared blankly at my mom's possessed body, unsure of what to say. My Grandma flipped them off, called them prudes, and slammed my mom's head back on the table before returning to Hell.. This one happened right in the middle of a very important business meeting, where we were presenting to the board. Suddenly, my boss's face started to contort, his arms snapped and twisted, and he pointed his Powerpoint clicker right at me. Then, his face turned to a panicked expression, and he yelled, "Help! It's Nana Pat from Hell again! I have broken Babe Ruth's penis!" Over the gasps of the rest of my colleagues, my grandma then screamed: "I didn't mean to! I thought it would be fun if the Babe got a running start, but when he tried to jump on top of me, he slipped, and his erect penis hit the ground, and now it's BENT. The Devil just sat there laughing and throwing garbage at us while Babe Ruth rolled around in pain and screamed,  "Oh no! My only penis! My only penis is broken because of my nasty adventures in Hell!'" While I tried to calm my grandma down, she made my boss cry tears of black bile. Then, she picked up a white board marker with his arm, and drew a picture of a penis on the white board labeled "Babe Ruth's penis (broken forever?)." Then she released my boss and returned to Hell to deal with Babe Ruth's broken penis.. This one happened while I was in church of all places. So I'm in the confessional, when bang: all of a sudden the priest's head flies through the divider. Then, he whispers: "Amazing news. Grandma here. I'm using my ghost to turn this priest into my personal marionette so that I can tell you about the sex I'm having in Hell with the Sultan of Swat, Babe Ruth! Here's the latest update, my dear: when I have sex with Babe Ruth, he calls having an orgasm,  "Laying down a bunt. " So when he's about to be done having sex, he says,  "Oh heck yeah! Babe Ruth's about to lay down a massive bunt, baby! Here comes a disgusting, slow-rolling bunt from the Babe! " The Devil thinks this is a weird thing to call an orgasm. He says,  "you're a nasty pervert for saying that, Babe Ruth, " and then he throws extra garbage at us. But here's the thing: I Don't mind that Babe Ruth calls it that. I Don't care. Anyway, Hell is a horrible place. When you die, try to get sent to Heaven instead of Hell. Now I'm going back to have some more sex with Babe Ruth, who played for the Yankees." My grandma released the priest's mind and I finished confession without further incident.. All I wanted to do was take a normal walk around the block with my dog Pepper, when suddenly, my 35-pound terrier started levitating and speaking in perfect English. "Good morning, this is Nana Pat again. Amazing news, dear. Your 97-year-old grandma got pregnant with Babe Ruth's baby and then had a baby right in front of all the demons of Hell!" my dog bellowed. Apparently, she and Babe Ruth had been trying for months, and they'd finally conceived. "you've got a new aunt in Hell, and her name is Babe Ruth, Jr.!" Nana Pat screamed through my dog's mouth. "We named her after Babe Ruth and Lee Harvey Oswald, Jr.! As a congratulatory gift for our new baby, the Devil threw a car tire at us. It's a bad gift, but that's the best you can hope for in Hell! Babe Ruth keeps trying to eat the new baby. I think he forgot how to be a person after spending so much time in Hell. Every time I catch him putting the baby's head in his mouth, I need to whack him with a rolled up newspaper until he spits it out, and then we go have sex again. Anyway, got to go. Babe Ruth is playing  "Take Me Out To The Ballgame " on a Casio keyboard he found in Satan's garage, and that's the way he lets me know that he's ready to have sex again. When you die and get to Hell you can meet Babe Ruth, Jr. She's an ugly baby and if you try to pick her up she will bite you. Goodbye, dear!" After that, my dog returned to the ground and we finished our walk without any other surprises.,    Well, if 2020 hadn't already given you enough things to be depressed about, here's yet another sad story to kick off your week: this one woman who you haven't seen in years just added you to her "Close Friends" list on Instagram, which you can only assume means that she doesn't have that many people in her life. . God, what a bummer. She's not even a casual acquaintance anymore, let alone one of your good friends.. If you open up Instagram, you'll see that this girl's story icon now has a green circle around it to indicate that you're one of her Close Friends, even though you only briefly worked with her at a restaurant, like, eight years ago and have not seen her or kept in touch since. You literally have no idea where she lives or what she does for work now, yet for some pitiful reason she's opted to give you access to her most personal posts, which, to be frank, should probably be reserved for people who actually give a shit about what you're up to and haven't gone nearly a decade without ever interacting with you.  . Like, seriously, if she deemed you worthy of a place on her Close Friends list, then who the hell else made the cut? Her landlord? Random strangers who once attended the same wedding as her? Seems like the bar is pathetically low to earn a place in her heart. And even more pathetic, the photo she just uploaded to her story is a bowl of soup that she's clearly eating by herself, which at this point just serves as further proof that she leads a lonely, isolated existence with no meaningful human connection.. Honestly, now that you think about it, it's unclear why you would've even followed her on Instagram in the first place. You remember her being nice and all, but that doesn't mean you have any interest in her as a human being. . This woman should realize that there's no reason for her to use the Close Friends feature if she's just going to extend it to people she barely knows. It's a sad thing to do, and it makes other people sad, too. To make ourselves feel better about this, we're just going to choose to believe that she labeled you a Close Friend by accident and that she actually has lots of good friends in real life who just aren't on Instagram. While this is almost certainly not the case, we just Don't need anything else bumming us out right now.,    As someone who grew up in an era when men weren't allowed to have feelings, the only emotion Dad has fully figured out in his 53 years on Earth is anger, which he frequently expresses in the form of loud tantrums. What an idiot! Most of his tantrums are in response to perceived slights from inanimate objects around the house. The objects are not alive, but Dad nonetheless thinks they have it out for him. They are his enemies, and he is currently embroiled in bitter feuds with six of them.. Dad's feud with the TV is probably the saddest of the bunch, just because of how close they used to be. For the first few years after he had the Samsung 50-incher installed on the living room wall back in 2012, the two were inseparable, spending countless hours together enjoying . Baseball Tonight . and any show with . World's Most Extreme . in the title. However, over the years Dad started buying weird universal remotes and random surround-sound speakers that greatly complicated the TV's once simple settings, turning his peaceful evening routine of watching terrible shows at deafening volumes for four hours straight into a nightly storm of rage and confusion. He can regularly be seen fumbling with five different remotes to try to get the inputs figured out, ineptly pointing the DVD remote at the cable box and the cable box remote at the audio receiver. After much screaming and bickering with Mom, he eventually just throws in the towel and ends up watching NFL games on movie mode, with all of the sound coming out of the subwoofer. . Even though you can get good TVs for, like, a hundred bucks now, he is still operating under the assumption that they are prohibitively expensive and has therefore resigned himself to indefinitely battling his TV nemesis, each night muttering things like "I can't find the goddamn HD channels" over and over until he eventually gets so upset that he passes out in his recliner.. Like most old guys in America, Dad for some reason believes it is crucial to put as many TVs in one's house as humanly possible. It was this conviction that led him to purchase a little 15-inch TV for the kitchen in 2006 despite the fact that neither he nor anyone else in the family had ever expressed a desire to watch TV there. Initially, he was very proud of this useless TV, but the relationship quickly turned toxic. First, he almost immediately lost the remote because that's what happens when you keep a remote in the kitchen, and so the only way to turn the TV on was to reach around to the back and feel around for the buttons. Then it turned out that the tiny TV couldn't even get cable because Comcast started charging per box, and there was no fucking way Dad was about to shell out extra for that. But what really made the TV useless was the fact that you could easily see the much larger living room TV perfectly from the kitchen table. Dad nonetheless tried his best to convince himself the TV was a worthwhile purchase, occasionally turning it on for background noise while he read . Zits . comics and Rick Reilly articles at the kitchen table. But his opinion of the TV soured over time, as by 2009 the tiny Vizio was already looking dated as shit--just weirdly thick and plastic-y, like a laptop the Army would use in a movie. With each passing year it looked dumber and dumber on the counter, and Dad's resentment grew. He tried pitching it as "perfect for a dorm" every time one of the kids went off to college, but no one ever bit. It's the first thing he screams at whenever he tees off on "counter clutter" while agitatedly making a sandwich, and it will likely remain so for the rest of time, as Dad could never bring himself to get rid of something that he spent more than $20 on.. If you figured a household item had to be broken or outdated to make it onto Dad's shit list, his longstanding grudge against the Bowflex puts that theory to bed. The guy bought the insane-looking, Dr. Octopus-ass piece of workout equipment in 2003 during one of his little phases where he decided he was going to get in shape, but it didn't take long for the relationship to sour. After only a few weeks of getting sweaty as shit while doing half-assed 15-minute Bowflex workouts, Dad had clearly given up on exercising regularly but was too proud to admit it, so he instead started blaming the machine for his lack of follow-through. Whether it was 100 percent fabricated complaints like "Cable workouts are bad for my rotator cuff, and Bowflex is all cables," or definitely-not-scientific bullshit that he thinks sounds smart like "The Bowflex is fine in a pinch, but you can't build any real muscle mass without free weights," or dumb attempts to paint himself as a victim like "Bowflex was as big a scam as the Shake Weight, I should get my money back," Dad was constantly trying to prove that him being a fat, lazy piece of shit was somehow the Bowflex's fault. He eventually made a big dramatic show of dragging the Bowflex into the unfinished storage room in the basement so that he didn't have to look at it anymore. Yet to this day--nearly 20 years after he first purchased the machine from an infomercial he saw on USA while watching an episode of . Walker, Texas Ranger. --he still occasionally gets pissy and riled up thinking about the Bowflex, still under the impression that he must justify his abandoned fitness ambitions even though no one in the family ever cared about it in the first place.   . While Grandpa is not technically a household item, a strong argument can be made for classifying him as one, as there's really not any difference between him and, say, an end table, since they both just sit in one spot in the living room all day long and Don't do anything. It's something that Dad is constantly getting pissy over, as Grandpa is usually parked in the best recliner and watching something that isn't the thing Dad wants to watch. If Mom didn't care about Grandpa so much, Dad definitely would've ditched him at a nursing home years ago, but since that's not something he's allowed to do, he's instead settled on just constantly bitching at Grandpa and acting like he's holding him back from living his best life, even though he was doing literally nothing notable with his time before Grandpa moved in and his lifestyle has not changed in any discernible way since.. "What's the point of having outdoor patio furniture if you can't even keep it outside? It'd be like buying a boat you can't take in the water--it's just asinine!" Anyone who's spent more than five minutes in the backyard with Dad has definitely heard a few variations of this complaint, which is also usually followed by a lengthy rant about how the chairs cost 800 goddamn dollars when the wrought iron chairs he wanted from Home Depot cost literally half that and were actually designed to withstand a little weather. Even more frustrating for him is the fact that the cushions are gigantic and there's no place to discreetly store them, so they usually just end up stacked in a pile that takes up half the kitchen and makes it impossible for him to do his daily sudoku puzzle at the kitchen table without getting all riled up about how much of an eyesore it is. Dad once threw such a big tantrum over the patio chairs that it made Mom cry, which is definitely shitty but also kind of funny if you think about it. . For as long as the family has lived in this house, Dad has waxed poetic about finishing the basement, a pipedream he believed would transform the standard, concrete cellar littered with cardboard boxes and fake-leather furniture into a source of endless joy and would boost the house's resale value by "a hundred grand, easy." And in 2007, Dad finally embarked on his journey to make that dream a reality, and he couldn't have been more thrilled. He had drywall put up and painted. He bought a ping-pong table and a corresponding little stand where the paddles and balls would go. He even hung up the several vintage beer lights he'd collected and saved for this exact occasion, prominently featuring them as the centerpieces of his grown-ass-man-who-still-thinks-frat-house-decor-looks-cool design scheme. . Unfortunately, though, his efforts were derailed when Grandma on Mom's side died and he suddenly had to devote all his Saturdays to getting rid of all her old-lady junk and selling her house, putting a temporary pause on the remodel that eventually just turned into a permanent one, leaving the half-finished basement looking incredibly shitty. The air hockey table Dad was once so proud to have scooped off eBay for $75 quickly became a laundry folding station. Ping-pong paddles got strewn about everywhere, the rubber padding on them chewed up by the dog. The vintage wet bar he inherited when Grandma on . his . side died was left looking weird and out of place against the dusty concrete floors, failing to deliver the classy Don Draper-style effect he was aiming for. Plus, it's absolutely goddamn freezing down there, and at this point the only time anyone ever goes to the basement is to use the bathroom Dad paid out the ass to have put in, as this is the one place in the house you can go to take mondo nasty shits in peace. . Because of all this, Dad now hates the basement more than maybe anything else in the world. If he has to go down there even to grab something real quick, you'll actually see the muscles in his face tense and shift into a scowl, and it's hard to blame him. In his head, the basement betrayed him. It betrayed the future they were supposed to have together, in which it would provide a nightly escape from all the stresses of being up on the main floor with Mom, who, to his credit, is really annoying. For a guy who has literally nothing interesting or important going on in his life, a finished basement would've provided him with the illusion that he'd done something worthwhile with his time on Earth, which of course is not the case, but still. The half-finished basement now stands as a metaphor for Dad himself--a monument to the unremarkable and to failing to live up to potential--and his disdain for it is clearly just a projection of his own low self-esteem. It's really pitiful, to be honest. Dad is a pitiful man. ,    Grandma has lived a fascinating life. She was the first woman in her family to go to college, protested the war in Vietnam, and once met Barbara Bush. She also has 2 lists: a Hit List of celebrities she feels compelled to kill and a Beefcake List of celebrities she feels compelled to fuck. Earning a spot on either of these lists is pretty tough, but sometimes she "ll move someone she's particularly obsessed with from one list to the other. Here are sex celebs that Grandma has moved from her Hit List to her Beefcake List over the years. . For ages after Grandma saw . The Last Samurai . in theaters and told us it was tantamount to Ken straight up daring her to kill him, he was number one on her Hit List. He was actually the inspiration behind Grandma installing a punching bag in her basement gym. But a few years later we watched . Letters From Iwo Jima.  together and she announced midway through the film that she no longer wished to kill him, only to love him. She got pretty starry eyed and excused herself from the den. She brought us a box of Russell Stovers she had in her fridge and we went to town on it while she spent the next 35 minutes alone in her room. It was nice to see her get over Ken Watanabe, but this event would also inspire her to update her list of people she needs to kill.. Grandma officially moved Clint Eastwood off her Hit List and onto her Beefcake List, but to be fair she still wants to beat the shit out of him. Grandma's whole thing with Clint Eastwood is honestly pretty fucked up. She never really liked the guy, but she "respected him" until . Letters From Iwo Jima. . However, at some point during the reconnaissance week, where she stalks her prey to learn their daily routines, she decided she would rather "climb on top of that jackass and punch his beautiful face" than "full-on murder him." Classic Grandma. . For the longest time Grandma refused to tell us why she wanted to slice off Bob Balaban's head and chuck his body in a shallow ravine. But every time Balaban came on TV, Grandma would say, "one of these days I'm going to punt that fucker's head straight into a ditch," and just leave it at that. This was also around the same time that she got really into scrapbooking and Krav Maga. We figured she had a good enough reason, but it was pretty annoying when we would go to her house for dinner on Sundays and watch her spend hours staring unblinking at a DVD copy of . A Mighty Wind. . But I guess she had a change of heart because her scrapbook started having fewer pictures of Bob with his eyes scratched out, and more pictures of Bob with big hearts around them. It's still unclear what Grandma's whole deal with Bob Balaban is, but it looks like he can sleep peacefully at night knowing that he's officially on Grandma's Beefcake List.. He was a big surprise to all of us, since singers usually Don't make Grandma's Hit List .  her Beefcake List. At Thanksgiving dinner she was going on and on about how she wanted to drown Usher, but then by Christmas she was grinding and moaning atop a pillow with a cutout of his face on it. So for her 75th birthday we got her tickets to one of his concerts and she was so happy. It was really nice and she stayed out pretty late for it too.. Last week she was pulling all-nighters attempting to build a Rube Goldberg device that would eviscerate Christopher Lloyd, but this week she's sending nude selfies to the emails of everyone who works at the PR agency that represents him in hopes that one will eventually make it to his inbox. Good news for Christopher Lloyd, but bad news for Ed Begley, Jr. who has now taken Lloyd's spot on Grandma's Hit List. . What a saga! Grandma almost managed to assassinate Eddie Redmayne when she acquired a disguise and fake identification to become a seat filler at the 2014 Academy Awards. She was just about to slit his throat when he received the Oscar for Best Actor. While she was listening to his acceptance speech she got carried away by his dreamy accent. The exact same thing happened when she tried to shoot Colin Firth as he got the Oscar for . The King's Speech. . Now she's a regular "Redhead" and writes tons of erotica about him for fanfiction.net. I'm happy she changed her mind because I love . Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them. . It's nice to know that the next time Grandma meets Eddie Redmayne, she "ll try to fuck him instead of trying to murder him.,    The Wizarding World of Harry Potter is filled with all sorts of unforgettable characters. From the dozens of quirky Hogwarts professors to the many courageous members of the Order Of The Phoenix, there's a Harry Potter character out there to match any personality. So pick up a wand from Ollivander's Shop and get ready to board the Hogwarts Express, because this quiz has been created to help you find out which Harry Potter character you are! Unfortunately, there were some technical difficulties on our end, so the only two available results for this "Which Harry Potter Character Are You?" quiz are Dobby and Frank Sinatra. Sorry in advance, but you're only getting one or the other. Our bad. Let's get started!. Just a reminder, no matter what answer you picked here, we only have the ability to say that you're Dobby or Frank Sinatra. If you're hoping to get Harry or Luna Lovegood or something, you're going to be disappointed.. Look, even though it's pretty obvious which Patronuses correspond to which characters in this question, it's really not going to help you get anyone good. Yeah, Harry Potter's Patronus is a stag in the books, but even if you chose stag as your answer, you're still getting either Dobby or Frank Sinatra. There is no way to game the system.,    As states begin to lift their coronavirus lockdowns and stay-at-home orders, many people are worried about how to stay safe in newly reopened businesses. Thankfully, one fast food chain is going out of its way to put its customers at ease: Arby's has announced that you are no more likely to contract COVID-19 while eating at Arby's than any other infectious disease.. Awesome! This is sure to bring some much-needed peace of mind.. Arby's made the announcement earlier this morning in a press release, stating, "Arby's takes great care in keeping our customers safe, which is why we're proud to announce that people are at no increased risk to get COVID-19 from one of our restaurants than they are to get any other infectious disease, be it malaria, HIV, hepatitis, salmonella, or Lyme disease from a tick that snuck its way into the wrapper of your Big Beef & Cheddar.". "Arby's customers can be confident knowing that despite the current coronavirus pandemic, the chance of contracting a life-threatening disease from any of our high-touch surfaces like door handles, countertops, and condiment dispensers is no higher than it ever was," the statement continued. "We recommend that our patrons follow social distancing protocols and wear a mask to protect themselves while dining at Arby's, although this has nothing to do with COVID-19--it's just generally a good idea to minimize your exposure to the germs we've got crawling around in our restaurants.". "Although researchers do not suspect that the novel coronavirus is transmitted via food, we believe it's important to not downplay even the smallest risks, and so we acknowledge that there remains the unlikely possibility that coronavirus can be contracted through our food, as well as other infectious diseases such as cholera, listeria, gonorrhea, or anything listed on the CDC's current outbreak list," said the fast food chain. "That said, we are excited to open up our doors to the public knowing that the viral respiratory droplets containing COVID-19 do not appear in higher quantities in Arby's restaurants than any other infectious viral respiratory droplet, and we hope to see you in our dining rooms soon!". Hell yes! Arby's is totally leading the way for other fast food chains during the COVID-19 pandemic. This is how you take public health seriously!,    Here's a story about someone who's way too old for anything she does to matter anymore: Betty White has officially changed her name to "Trish Spaghetti.". Sure, go for it, Betty! you're 98-years-old, so it's not like anyone's going to try to stop you from being named Trish Spaghetti if that's what you really want!. Earlier this morning, Betty White revealed her new name in a tweet, stating, "Thanks to @CountyofLA my new name is officially Trish Spaghetti!" This new name definitely would have had some kind of impact on her career if she announced it decades ago, but at this point, there's no way it'll possibly change things one way or another. Nobody is going to go out of their way to refer to her as "Trish Spaghetti" when talking about . Golden Girls. , but if it makes her happy, then who are we to judge?. You do you, girl!. Honestly, at 98-years-old, there's no way that Betty White is even interacting with enough people for this name change to even make a difference in her personal life, either, but maybe her home health aide will call her "Trish," or "Mrs. Spaghetti," and that'll be enough. When you're as old as she is, you can just do whatever the hell you want. Anything else you want to do, Betty? Shave your head or get one of those freaky forked snake tongues? Whatever it is, now's the time to do it, because it's truly not going to matter at all and nobody is going to stand in your way.. So be it! If Betty really wants to be "Trish Spaghetti" for one month before she dies of old age, she can go right ahead. Here's hoping that Betty White has an awesome time being Trish Spaghetti for the rest of her life!, Can You Tell The Difference Between The Real Mrs. Lisa And An Imposter?. What's The Angle Here? Your Old High School Teacher Keeps Reposting A Viral Photo Of A Black Man And A White Man Wearing The Same Shirt As Though That's Some Sort Of Comment On What's Going On Right Now. Absolutely Beautiful: The Caretaker's In This Man's Nursing Home Gave Him A Glove Taped To An Incredibly Long Stick So He Could Spank His Son And Grandson During Quarantine. Time To Celebrate: The Doomsday Clock Has Been Set To Wine O "Clock. The Love Letters John Lennon And Yoko Ono Wrote To Each Other Are Beyond Incredible. Does Your School Bus Driver Think Of You As Their Protege?. How Many Of These Extremely 2000s Pop Culture Moments Do You Remember?.   
    The average porn star has more wild and kinky sex in an average week than most of us do in our entire lives, so for a sex scene to really stand out in their memories, it has to be truly special. We asked six legendary porn stars about the most memorable sex scene they've ever experienced.. "One time when I was shooting a sex scene, a stray dog wandered onto the set and made direct eye contact with me the whole time I was fucking. I spent the whole scene looking right into this stray dog's eyes and the dog kept winking at me while I was having sex. When I was done, I swear I heard the stray dog grunt the word,  "Porn. " I was amazed. I said to the dog,  "Did you just say porn? " but the dog just mumbled,  "No " and walked back out of the studio. Ten years later I read in the newspaper that that dog had been killed by a bus.". "I remember this one time when I completely spaced and forgot to bring my purse with me to a shoot, which was incredibly inconvenient because I keep my vagina in my purse. As a porn star, I use my vagina all the time during shoots, and filming a scene without it would be nearly impossible. I assumed the shoot was going to be a no-go, but then my costar was suddenly like,  "Hey, maybe it would be hot to just have sex with the empty void area where your vagina would be. " It seemed like such a ridiculous thought at first, but no one had any better ideas, so we gave it a try. My costar started thrusting his hard cock into the void between my legs while someone off set loudly plunged a toilet to mimic the sound of wet vaginal friction, and while it definitely felt a little awkward, after about 12 minutes we both managed to cum without his penis ever once touching my body. It was pretty amazing, honestly, but at the end of the day I definitely still think that a vagina can be helpful for sex.". "One of my first big professional shoots was back in September 2001 at this fancy office the production company had rented out in the South Tower of the World Trade Center. We started shooting the scene, and everything was going fine, but then right when I began blowing my costar there was this incredibly loud boom that seemed to shake the entire building. Being young, naive kid whose understanding of the grownup world was still largely informed by TV and movies, I immediately panicked and thought that maybe diabolical Middle Eastern terrorists had pulled off some spectacular act of violence meant to destroy American life as we knew it. Seeing how rattled I was, my costar calmly took me aside and said,  "No need to be nervous, Joanna, that was just the sound of an airplane exploding. Happens all the time here in the big city--you'll get used to it. " Still a bit skeptical, I then said,  "And you're sure Osama Bin Laden didn't just fire the opening salvo in a long and bloody war on American values? " And then he said,  "Of course I'm sure, because Osama Bin Laden is standing right next to you holding up the boom mic, " at which point I turned to see Osama Bin Laden with a headset on, smiling and waving at me. This really put me at ease and gave me the confidence to continue the scene, although unfortunately we were unable to finish because the building we were in collapsed and damaged the camera."   . "A few years ago, this director I work with a lot had this idea for a video where I would get ravaged by the presidents on Mount Rushmore. It sounded like it was going to be a very fun and interesting challenge, but unfortunately it ended up being a total disaster. First, security asked if I had a permit to fuck Mount Rushmore, which I didn't. And since my director didn't want to pay the $500 fee required to get a permit, we realized our only option was to sneak in and shoot the scene at night on the sly. Long story short, it ended up being quite the ordeal. There were tons of mosquitoes, it was too dark to tell which president I was sucking off, and it turned out that the presidents weren't even real guys--they were just giant stone simulacrums of presidents that couldn't even ejaculate. Still, getting intimate with such an iconic American monument was nonetheless a very memorable experience. And even though the presidents failed to bring me to orgasm, I'm still glad I fucked them.". "My most memorable scene was also my first. I was totally new to the adult industry, but a friend of mine knew a guy who was shooting a film and needed a guy who could cum out various fruits and vegetables, which was something I was known for at my local farmers market. I show up and meet my costar, who was so beautiful it was intimidating. I was so nervous that I was struggling to get hard, but luckily she was super calm and professional about it. She whispered in my ear,  "It's okay, Peter, I actually prefer guys with tiny, limp cocks, " and that was just the boost of confidence I needed to start ejaculating out a whole goddamned salad bar! Tomatoes, pickles, a few heads of lettuce--I was cumming and jizzing out all sorts of fresh, healthy organics. It felt like everything was clicking, but then the director suddenly ran over and screamed,  "Peter! We aren't even filming yet! Suck those vegetables back into your cock! " So I vacuumed them all back up with my cock, but I also accidentally sucked up a cactus, which ended up being a huge mistake, as it made it incredibly painful for me to ejaculate. I made it work, though, and eventually the footage we shot became the opening scene of . He Can Cum Produce 15: Leafy-Green Loads. . I'll never forget it.". "One time I was booked for a pretty big budget shoot and my scene partner just totally failed to show up. No call, no warning--he was a no-show. We thought we were gonna have to cancel the shoot and in turn waste thousands of dollars in production costs, but then one of the lighting guys said that he was pretty good at drawing and thought he could draw a convincing life-sized cutout of the guy I was supposed to shoot with. With no better options, we got the guy some construction paper and colored pencils, and two minutes later he had drawn me a costar, complete with a three-inch paper cock. His drawing wasn't very good, but we thought with the right lighting it could still look pretty sexy. So we tried it. And while fucking the small paper man definitely complicated things a bit--he was incapable of movement, and my pussy moisture left him incredibly prone to ripping--I eventually got in a good groove and ended up cumming really hard. To this day, my fans still ask me all the time if I'm ever gonna do another scene with  "that really flat guy. " Apparently it was one of my most memorable scenes for them, too.",    Brace yourself, because the following story about a woman being forced to make an impossible decision is going to break your heart: this woman can't seem to decide if she wants her profile picture to be a blurry picture of her son or a blurry picture of her daughter, and keeps switching back and forth between the two. . Just tragic. What an impossible choice.. Over the last few years, 54-year-old Suzanne Moffat has changed her profile picture 32 different times, switching between the same blurry picture of her son at his trumpet recital and the same out-of-focus picture of her daughter playing field hockey. Suzanne seems completely tormented by the decision, because whenever it seems like she's settled on one of her children, she will switch her profile picture back to the photo of the other child, making it somehow more zoomed in and even blurrier in the process. .  . It's clear that Suzanne really wants to show off the photo she's captioned "Kev--ROCKING THE TRUMPET," to display her son's trumpet skills, but that would mean that she wouldn't be able to let everyone see the photo where Sarah is scoring a goal, captioned "My field hockey STAR!" While Suzanne wishes her profile picture could feature both of her kids, these are the only two pictures she has on her iPad, and so she must choose between the two, even though she risks looking like she's playing favorites to her friends when they come to her wall to post Candy Crush requests twice a year or to write happy birthday.. A scroll through her album of profile pictures shows that Suzanne has tried to find compromises, but none have ever stuck. In 2016, Suzanne attempted to solve her problem by using the poorly angled selfie that she took inside her car as soon as she got an iPhone as her profile picture, though the record shows that she quickly switched back to the picture of Kevin, then the picture of Sarah, then back to her selfie--though this time with the Pray For Paris filter. . Another attempted compromise appeared in 2018 when she made her profile picture the picture of Sarah and her cover photo an extremely stretched out version of the picture of Kevin. However, she must have realized that cover photos are secondary to profile pictures, so she quickly changed her cover photo back to a blurry picture of her garden, captioned "Garden last summer," and picked right back up on her constant profile picture switching.. Even though this is a decision no one should ever have to make, here's hoping Suzanne finds peace sometime soon, because right now the choice seems to be eating her alive. Good luck, Suzanne!,    Historically, presidents have generally only interrupted television broadcasts when something of critical importance to the nation has taken place, but sometimes they just do it because they're excited about a really cool idea they had for a movie and they can't wait to talk about it. Here are 5 times TV broadcasts have been interrupted by presidents who were super stoked to explain a new concept for a movie they came up with.. On May 2. nd. , 2011, millions of Americans had their evening television broadcast interrupted by a dramatic press conference where President Obama announced that US Navy SEALS had located and killed Osama Bin Laden. After President Obama's announcement programming returned to normal for 7 minutes. Then Obama came back on TV to say, "One more thing. I've been thinking lately about how there really aren't any films that explore the romantic lives of senior citizens. I think I've got an idea for a movie which could help change that. It's called  "Grandma's Got a Secret, " and it's about an elderly widow who tries to hide her new lover from her family because she's afraid of how they'll handle it. In the end, it turns out her fears were unfounded, and her family welcomes her new lover with open arms despite him being 30 years her junior. The big difference about  "Grandma's Got a Secret " is that is it doesn't treat the sex lives of old people as a punchline. Sure, there are laughs, but they Don't come from the assumption that the sensuality of the elderly is a gross or uncomfortable thing. I think  "Grandma's Got a Secret " could not only help spur a larger conversation about aging and sex, but become a blockbuster as well." Obama then gave a quick recap of his earlier speech about the death of Osama Bin Laden in case people had just tuned in, left the podium, and the broadcast returned to normal.. When President Trump haphazardly interrupted  "Judge Judy " to talk about an awesome scene he thought of for a movie in May of 2019, it was a truly Trumpian moment. The camera was slightly out of focus, a random staffer stood on camera awkwardly before quickly dashing out of frame, and he gave no indication he was going to be talking about a movie scene. Instead, he launched directly into a long-winded, disjointed description of what he kept referring to as  "the hose scene, " as if the millions of television viewers watching were already familiar with what he was referencing. "So, it's the hose scene," Trump began. "And the hose is attacking the fireman, and firemen, they have an incredible job. They always do a nice job, firemen. But this fireman, his hose ...it's got it out for him. And it's not silly, it's scary. You see a lot with the hoses where the water makes them shoot around like that and it's a goofy thing but frankly, this is not a funny scene but a scary scene and we will make it very gory and the hose will do incredible damage to the fireman, and honestly, I believe when we shoot the hose scene the fireman is not going to make it. But they have a hard job, firemen, and not all of them can survive a thing like this." The feed then abruptly cut away as Trump began to speak again and the broadcast returned to  "Judge Judy. ". JFK had a lot of cool ideas for movies in his tragically short presidential career, but he only talked about one of them during his somber speech announcing the presence of nuclear warheads in Cuba. Throughout that speech, President Kennedy kept referencing a film he had come up with called  "War Police, " and on October 22. nd. , 1962, everyone who had their TV sets turned on to listen to the horrifying speech witnessed JFK on a podium surrounded by poorly-drawn mockups of  "War Police " theatrical posters, which depicted a marker sketch of a man's face split down the middle, one side being a soldier wearing a helmet, the other side being a police officer wearing a uniform cap. The posters had several crossed-out but still visible slogans on them, including  "From the jungle to the street, War Police never sleep, "  "For some soldiers, the battlefield is a police car, " and  "Policemen are like the Army. " JFK spoke of his idea as if it was already a real film, pausing his explanation of the threat that the Russian nuclear arms deployed to Cuba presented to the country, stating, "My new film, War Police, has been released today nationwide to critical and commercial success. The story of handsome police on the gruesome, crime-ridden battlefield of war, it's a gritty, two-fisted action picture starring myself as Sergeant Captain Crockter Bullows of the War Police. I have prepared for you today a special screening of the first scene." At that point, JFK walked to the back of the stage, unfurled a movie screen, paused for a moment, began making a sound like a film projector spinning with his mouth and acted out a gun battle without dialog while making shooting and explosion sounds. He then paused again as if he expected applause, then finished his speech on the existential threat Russia now posed to the US.. When George H.W. Bush interrupted .  to give his pitch for a sequel to Lucasfilm's 1988 fantasy epic .  on the White House steps, he delivered it with more urgency and fiery intensity than any of his other presidential speeches. "Nation," he began, "for months, I have been horrified at the prospect that we as a country may never see a sequel to .  unless drastic measures are taken. That is why I have taken it upon myself to envision . . 5 years have passed since small farmer Willow, swordsman Madmartigan, and their Brownie friends, Franjean and Rool, rescued a Daikini child from the evil General Kael. But a curse from a dark wizard named High Cleric Fornchlarndia has turned Madmartigan evil from his castle in the world of dark magic, Drantcantia. Now, with the help of a mythical wand named Orntbrandia, Willow must travel to Drantcantia and defeat the foul magic that has imprisoned the mind of his best friend. Then, at the end, he fights a giant." Bush then concluded his pitch by shaking hands with the members of the press who were present, as well as all the .  cast members. Then he walked off-camera and the episode of .  resumed.. Of all of the presidents who have interrupted TV broadcasts to talk about their cool movie ideas, Richard Nixon is the only one who succeeded in having his idea go on to actually get made. On September 17th, 1972, Nixon interrupted a broadcast of the detective series .  t. o deliver a succinct and engaging pitch for a film which he at the time called "Star Empires." In his speech, Nixon laid out the details of the original .  film, such as the character names and descriptions, specific lines of dialog which went on to be used verbatim in the actual film, and a brief synopsis of the Jedi mythos. Whereas other presidents " interruptions of TV shows to share their cool ideas for movies were ignored due to how boring they were, viewers thought Nixon's movie sounded amazing. After Nixon's resignation due to the Watergate scandal, he found himself with enough free time to focus on turning his dream into a reality and .  was released in 1977 under its new title, . .,
    Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, many people have been stepping up to raise money for fellow Americans who are suffering from illness or financial difficulties, but one individual's effort to help those affected by the virus has been particularly stunning: This man rang a little bell for 25 seconds on a livestream and he raised $650 million for COVID relief.. Huh ...not quite sure what the story is here, but you can't argue with those results!. At 4:30 a.m. yesterday morning, an anonymous man with the Twitch handle "PolygamyIsEverywhere" began live-streaming himself standing in the middle of a field ringing a tiny bell over his head while he stared silently into his webcam. The bell went ding-dong-ding-dong as the man waved it around in the air. For the next 25 seconds, donations to the livestream came pouring in as the man jingled the bell all around while periodically stamping his leg like a horse doing math.. Within 3 seconds, the livestream had raised $25 million in donations for coronavirus relief, and one second later that number had shot up to $80 million. Although there was absolutely no publicity for the event and no description of what was going on, hundreds of thousands of people from all over the world flooded the video of the man ringing the bell to donate money, usually leaving comments like, "I like the bell" and "The bell comes from indoors :).". Pretty cool, we guess? We're honestly not sure how this guy pulled this off, but there's really no point in complaining.. Even major celebrities and ultra-rich industry moguls started getting into the giving spirit. After 9 seconds of bell ringing, Bill Gates donated $200 million with the note, "I want the bell to come to life and punch me in the stomach." Two seconds later, world-renowned entrepreneur Mark Cuban donated $12 million with the note, "I . need.  to take my brain out of my skull and replace it with this bell (this would kill me)." Even "The Queen Of Mean" herself, Martha Stewart, donated $60 with the note, "Martha love Bell. Bell grows legs to CHASE Martha through the labyrinth <3.". After 25 seconds of ringing the bell, PolygamyIsEverywhere and his little bell had raised $650 million to be distributed to struggling small businesses and underfunded hospitals across the United States. When the 25 seconds had elapsed, PolygamyIsEverywhere stopped ringing his bell, took his shoes off, and walked away into the distance. The identity of that heroic man and the name of his nice little bell still remain unknown.. This is an amazing story that is as confusing as it is heartwarming! It seems like if more people would stand in a field and ring a little bell, the world would be a better place, though we're not sure why. Kudos to PolygamyIsEverywhere for somehow managing to raise a massive fortune in donations just for ringing a tiny little bell!,    Hi there. I'm Robert De Niro, beloved actor from many popular films including . Taxi Driver.  and . Raging Bull. . Here's something interesting: I once ripped open my belly and found gears inside of me instead of organs.. Just thought I'd hop on ClickHole.com and share this information with you all.. So basically here's what happened: It was 1994 and I was on the set of . Casino. . We had some downtime between scenes and I was getting kind of bored. So to pass the time I decided to rip my stomach open. I said, "Here I go!" (even though I was by myself and there was nobody who could hear me say it) and then I stuck my fingers into my abdomen and clawed it right open, simple as that. To my surprise, when I looked inside the hole in my stomach, there were all kinds of bronze rotating gears and pistons inside of me, like an 18th-century clock or a steam-powered train.. When I saw the gears, the first thing I did was pick up a telephone and call Martin Scorsese, who was standing 11 feet away from me on the set. I said, "Martin, this is Robert De Niro. I just ripped myself open and I think I'm a machine," and Scorsese said to me, "Well, Bob, at least you're not some kind of man-eating skunk the size of a minivan," and then he hung up.. I stuck my arm inside my stomach and held one of the gears in place with my hand, and blood shot out of my nose like a firehose.. At a loss for what to do next, I decided I might as well go to sleep. I woke up to the sound of my best friend Al Pacino breaking down the door to my trailer. I guess word had gotten out that my stomach was filled with gears instead of organs and Pacino wanted to use the churning gears to crack the shells of some walnuts he had brought with him. I figured I had nothing to lose, so I sat in a chair while Pacino took some walnuts out of his pockets and stuck them in between the gears in my body one at a time so that the turning of the gears would crack the walnuts open. I asked if I could have some of the walnuts, and Pacino said no. He ate a few right in front of me and threw the rest in the garbage. . I said to Pacino, "Al, listen, these pistons pumping in my guts and powering my body have left me all confused. Am I a man, or am I a mechanical automaton?" Al Pacino said, "Just count yourself lucky that you're not some kind of special gorilla that wears a bikini, because poachers would definitely be trying to kill you so that they could strip your bikini off your carcass and sell it on the black market to some sexy beach babe." And then Pacino left my trailer.. I spent a little time looking at myself in the mirror watching the gears inside of me spin, trying to comprehend all the arcane machinery. Many questions about the nature of my existence ran through my mind. Had the byzantine architecture of my intricate internal gadgetry been knowingly assembled according to the premeditated designs of some esoteric blueprint drawn up by an unseen and unknowable tinkerer in some oblivion-darkened corridor of history now lost to time? Or were the baroque correspondences and tortuously synchronized meshwork of the wheels within wheels spinning in such seeming order merely some miraculous accident of nature--simple chaos prettied up in a beguiling disguise of complex functionality, masquerading as the considered design of some conniving author?  Needless to say, it was a very confusing day to be Robert De Niro.. A knock at my trailer door shook me from my existential pondering. It was my good friend Joe Pesci and a man I'd never met before named Steven Spielberg. He said he had directed a movie about a shark. I think it was called . Mouth. . Anyway, Pesci and this Spiegler guy had each brought their own big bags of walnuts and they spent the next few hours sticking them into my gears one at a time to crack them open. When they were done, I asked them if I could have some of the walnuts, and they said I couldn't because I wasn't hungry. Then they left.. There's not too much to tell after that. I went to my barber and he closed up my stomach with some Barber's Glue. That's the kind of special treatment you get when you're a movie star like me. After that, I went back to work and finished filming . Casino. . I Don't think the film won any awards, but I once met a guy at a party who told me that he had seen the first 20 minutes of it, and that made me feel good. I guess I'm just the kind of guy who has gears instead of organs. I Don't know how I got that way. Thank you for listening to me, and thank you to ClickHole.com for giving me a platform to share my experience.. Sincerely,. Robert De Niro,    If you're a Timothee Chalamet fan, you'd better listen up, because the actor has just issued a pretty serious ultimatum about the future of his career: Timothee Chalamet has threatened to retire from acting if the 30-year-old internet people who are obsessed with him Don't cut that shit out ASAP.. Wow. It looks like he's definitely not joking around here.. Earlier this morning, the . Call Me By Your Name.  star posted a video to his Instagram where he made the following announcement:. Alright, I'm just gonna come out and say it: if you're some 32-year-old blogger who's always tweeting about how you "stan" me or whatever the fuck, you've got to stop that shit ASAP, or I am going to quit Hollywood for good. You people are freaking me the fuck out. You shouldn't be in your 30's and tweeting shit like, "good night to Timothee Chalamet only," or commenting "omg I'm SCREAMING" on my Instagrams within 15 fucking seconds of me uploading them because you have notifications turned on for my posts. you're an adult, for crying out loud. You should be starting a family! I can't believe I need to say this, but you need to grow up and get a life.. Do you think it's normal for a full grown person to spend all day online explaining how I may look young but I'm actually 24, so it's fine to be attracted to me? How the fuck Don't you realize how uncomfortable that makes me feel? I've got a bunch of media dweebs 10 years older than me following my every move. Imagine how fucking unsettling that is. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.. You guys are always getting into conversations with each other about how hot I am, too. First of all, how the fuck do you all know each other? Did you all meet at a convention for the World's Lamest 30 Year Olds? Well, consider this your wake up call. Stop retweeting pictures of me and saying that you  "want Timothee to [redacted] your [redacted]. " Don't tweet out the goddamn peach scene from  "Call Me By Your Name " and say that you wish you were the peach. And for the love of God, stop watching grainy YouTube videos of me rapping in my fucking high school talent show. I know you're watching that shit on repeat, and it's fucking alarming. you're an adult. You should be working on your career or paying a mortgage, not watching videos of me from when I was a teenager. Goddamn.. Look, if you're my fan and you're like 15, sure, go ahead and run a Twitter account called, like, "Timothee Chalamet Updates," but if you're 30, or even approaching it, you better not even follow those kinds of pages. I've already got enough money from this acting shit to retire, so Don't think I won't do it. That's right: no more movies where I play a brooding bad boy. No more scenes where I flip my hair and stare longingly into the distance. No more of my red carpet appearances where I look like a gas station worker in my little jumpsuit. you're playing with fire here. I'm gonna take it all away if you Don't start acting like normal adults right this fucking minute. It's time you grow up.. Damn. It looks like this is an issue that has been bothering Timothee for quite some time. We can't be sure if or when he "ll take action, but if his, Not Really A Tragedy, Honestly: The Exotic Pet Supply Store Down The Street That No One Ever Went Into Has Gone Out Of Business Due To Coronavirus. How Many Of These Ways Did You Misspell  "Arby's " In Your Bestselling Book On What Happens In The Afterlife?. Truly Depressing: This Elderly 36-Year-Old Man Is Babbling Incoherently About Something Called  "My Bloody Valentine ".  "We Have A Plan ": The Pentagon Has Just Announced What It Will Do If There's A 50-Foot-Tall Lumberjack Guy Wandering Around. Look Who Came Crawling Back: This Guy Just Set His Shower Head Back To The Normal Setting After Trying Out The 5 Other Way Shittier Settings Real Quick. Inspiring: 4 Sex-Positive Drawings Of Big Bird Sprinting Through The Wilderness On His Way To Make Love To A Married Woman. A Slice Of Sicily! Mom Is Drinking Wine And Making Chicken Alfredo From A Box While Listening To That Music-Only TV Channel In the 400s That Plays Frank Sinatra Songs.       Over the past couple of years, Peloton has quickly become one of the biggest names in home fitness, and it looks like the company is only going to keep surging in popularity thanks to an exciting new innovation: Peloton just announced that they're now offering at-home finance classes for riders who are so bad with money that they buy a Peloton. . Awesome! Now you can get your body . and . finances in shape all at the same time!. The exercise equipment company announced in a statement today that anyone who has made the fiscally reckless decision to purchase one of their $2,200+ stationary bicycles and opt into their $39-a-month streaming plan will now be able to access a wide array of financial literacy courses directly through a Peloton bike's video monitor. The company says they designed all the classes to be accessible to beginners, as anyone who would intentionally purchase a fake bike that costs as much as a decent used car is clearly lacking even the most rudimentary money-management skills.. "If you make less than $10 million a year and have purchased one of our products, then we want to help you learn how to make less stupid financial decisions moving forward," said Peloton in the statement. "You should be burning calories, not your savings, and our helpful new finance classes will show you how to do just that." . Peloton has already released more than a dozen of the courses to their platform, with titles like "Real Bikes Are Only, Like, $100 on Craigslist And You Can Actually Get Places With Them," "Why You Shouldn't Spend A Month's Wages On What's Basically An Exercise Bike With A TV Taped To It," and "Seriously, It Doesn't Even Work Your Upper Body--What Were You Thinking?!?" And just like with Peloton's fitness classes, the finance classes are gamified, allowing users with piss-poor credit scores and mountains of Visa debt to compete to determine who is less of a dipshit when it comes to money. The company promises that these virtual contests will be incredibly fun--and also educational!--for morons who are willing to pay the price of an actual gym membership every month to stream videos of people yelling at them.. Amazing!. It's so refreshing to see a company care so much about serving its customers needs. Kudos to Peloton for going above and beyond to make sure that the financially brain-dead individuals who buy their products never make the same mistake again!,    For most people, respect is something that must be earned, but here's a story of someone throwing around some serious big-dick energy and proving that, actually, respect is something you just stand up and fucking take: this badass baby just threw his cup.. Goddamn. Little dude's on some serious kingpin shit! . Earlier today, one-year-old Ryder Clark established himself as the undisputed alpha of his home when he spent five minutes shrieking and begging his mom for juice and then, as soon as she handed him a sippy cup full of it, just chucked the cup halfway across the kitchen without even taking a fucking sip. Though his pediatrician recently marked his weight at 26 pounds, it's clear that Ryder is hiding two-ton balls of steel in his diaper, as it definitely takes some next-level swagger for a baby to totally demoralize his own mommy by spiking his Spider-Man cup right in her face. As his mom and dad scrambled to grab paper towels and clean up the mess he'd made, Ryder sat there clapping his hands with a shit-eating grin on his face, clearly delighted at the sight of other people stooping before him and doing his dirty work. And if he hadn't already made it perfectly clear who the fucking boss was, the chunky little guy then casually took off his shirt and proceeded to punch the pile of scrambled eggs on his highchair tray that his mom had just fixed him for breakfast, making a big mess.  . Ryder's dad, foolishly under the impression that he's the one in charge, tried to assert his authority by putting the child down for a nap, but this plan immediately backfired. Within seconds of being tucked in, Ryder stood up in his crib, tossed all his blankets and stuffed animals to the floor, and began shrieking in the loudest, most annoying way imaginable. When his mom rushed in to try to calm him down by singing a lullaby, he made it crystal fucking clear that he's the one who calls the shots, repeatedly smacking her mouth with both hands while screaming "QUIET! QUIET!" . This baby seriously takes no prisoners. God, what a badass. . There's no question that Ryder has ice water running through his veins, as he is now standing up in his crib, jumping up and down and screaming "Juice!" once again as though the cup incident never happened. What's impressive about this is, knowing how he operates, he's almost definitely going to get what he wants. The kid just plays by his own rules and makes sure everyone else falls in line. We wish the best of luck to Ryder's parents--this baby is a strong-willed bastard who simply cannot be contained, and there's just not much you can do but keep dutifully changing his poopy diapers and trying to keep him happy, knowing damn well you're utterly powerless to his whims. ,
    It's important to pursue the things that make you happy in life, but sadly for one man, doing what makes him happy almost never fails to backfire spectacularly: This birdwatcher keeps finding his parents having sex in trees while he's looking for exotic birds.. This is so sad! It's traumatic enough to see your parents having sex just once, but to see them having sex every time you do the thing you love must take a massive emotional toll!. Jacob has been a birdwatching enthusiast for over 15 years, but unfortunately, every time he looks into his binoculars to try to catch a glimpse of a beautiful bird, he makes the horrifying discovery that his mother and father, Eileen and Gil Wesman, are in the branches of the tree vigorously fucking one another. No matter what part of the world he's in or what type of bird he's looking for, Jacob always manages to accidentally catch a glimpse of his parents having intense, unbridled intercourse in a wide variety of positions. And thanks to the top-of-the-line binoculars he uses, he always sees their lovemaking in extreme detail at a massive magnification.. "I just want to look at beautiful birds, and instead I always see my mom and dad fucking each other like angry horses, shaking the branches and orgasming so loudly that it scares all the birds away," Jacob says. "One time I tried going birdwatching really early in the morning while my parents were still sleeping, thinking I could avoid seeing them naked. But as soon as I looked through my binoculars, I saw my mom and dad fucking in a tree. When I got back home, they were still asleep. I am miserable every day because of this.". Jacob says the most devastating birdwatching experience came last year when he was in the Amazon rainforest trying to catch a glimpse of the rare white-tailed cotinga. But right when he first looked through his binoculars, he spotted his parents passionately fucking each other in the highest branches. He immediately turned around to examine a tree dozens of yards in the other direction, and somehow his parents were fucking in the top of that tree too. . "Even though I was about 250 yards away from them, my dad looked directly at me and waved," Jacob says of the incident. "Then my mom winked at me and gave me the finger. The entire time, they didn't stop making love for even one second. It sucks, because I wanted to see an osprey, but instead I saw my totally naked parents having sex with each other. It completely ruined my expedition. Sometimes I wonder if I should quit birdwatching altogether. I Don't like seeing my parents have sex. It's upsetting how good they are at it.". Truly devastating. This guy just has the worst luck when it comes to trying to see birds instead of his parents having sex! Hopefully one day Jacob can manage to go birdwatching without seeing his nude parents going to town on each other.,    Listen, we know bloggers and lifestyle Instagrammers have already covered a lot of the distracting home projects like bread-baking and gardening that you can start doing if you're bored during quarantine, but we just thought of another one that might be worth a shot: maybe quarantine would be a good time to punch a big hole in your wall and dig around in there.. Why not, right? It's something to do.. Whether you live in an apartment or a house, there can be all kinds of fascinating things in your walls -- dead mice, living mice, insulation, maybe even some cash someone hid in there a hundred years ago. So if you've always wondered what your walls might be hiding, now is probably the ideal time to just wind up, punch a huge hole in one, and see where that takes you. you've got plenty of free hours to burn right now, so it really can't hurt to fill a few of them up by bashing in one of your walls and then taking a good look at all the beams and wires and whatnot that it has inside. Sure, it can be stressful and frustrating being stuck in quarantine, but what if you thought of it as a valuable opportunity to delve into the mysterious inner workings of your home's walls? . Give it a go! It could be a great way to make use of your time, especially if you've already tried everything else!. you've probably exhausted a lot of your main options for fun, engaging indoor activities over the past weeks, but we figure one thing you haven't done is checked to see if your wall and your neighbor's wall actually connect directly to one another, which is something you can find out about by punching a hole right through your wall and checking to see if you can see your neighbor's house on the other side. It's pretty easy, and it might be fun and interesting! You and your neighbor can wave to each other through the hole, and once the pandemic's over you could probably even shake hands through the hole. Could be cool!. Well, we think all this is probably reason enough to just try punching a hole in your wall and see if it makes you feel any better, or even just different. Is there any good reason not to? You Don't have that many other options. Just try it, and make sure to let us know how it goes!, Making Multiple Trips, Apparently: God Just Raptured The Arms Of Humanity's Faithful But Nothing Else. A Piece Of History: The Gun JFK Shot Himself With After His Caption For A  "New Yorker " Cartoon Was Rejected Is Coming To The Smithsonian. Which  "Queer Eye " Cast Member Are You?. Last Hurrah: SeaWorld Has Agreed To Release All Of Their Animals Into The Wild, But First They're Putting On A No-Holds-Barred, 12-Hour Show Where Absolutely Anything Goes. How Many Of These Jay-Z Songs About Having Great 10-Second Sex Have You Heard?. Are You Strong Enough To Eat The Loaf Of Bread You Just Baked Even Though It Came Out Of The Oven Begging For Life?.  "Invest In My Blood Idea Before I Jab You ": An Oral History Of Theranos.       Has your bus driver somehow gotten it in their head that you're their star pupil? Take the quiz to find out!,    John Lennon met Yoko Ono on November 9, 1966, at a London gallery where she was preparing a conceptual art exhibit. Yoko was immediately attracted to John, who was married at the time, and the 2 went on to have one of the most legendary loves of all time. During the early years on their romance, they stayed in constant contact through the mail. The incredible love letters they shared were thought to have been destroyed until they were recently discovered at an auction of Beatles memorabilia. Enjoy this window into the beautiful romance of two eccentric artistic geniuses. ,    Between the advent of reality TV, the worldwide obsession with all things iPod, and the unforgettable fashion moment that brought Uggs to popularity, the early 2000s were a truly iconic time for entertainment in the U.S. How many of these pop culture moments from the early 2000s do YOU remember? Find out below!,    With so much terrible, scary news bombarding us on a daily basis, the state of the world can seem pretty dire lately, but thankfully there's a major bit of good news on the horizon that should fill everyone with hope and optimism: the official Doomsday Clock has just been set to Wine O "Clock!. This is amazing! Time for everyone to grab a corkscrew and start celebrating!. According to the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, the group of academics responsible for setting the Doomsday Clock that tracks the globe's proximity to total disaster, the international tensions currently plaguing the world have placed mankind on the brink of popping the cork on a bottle of rose, climbing into a hot bubble bath, and just letting the booze do its thing. At this point, the scientists say, it is inevitable that we as a society will soon find ourselves getting tipsy in front of the TV while watching trashy reality television with our best friends. They say that while we could have avoided Wine O "Clock if we had come together to head it off months ago, now there's no turning back, and we should brace ourselves for a future where we all have our slippers on and are sipping a chilled glass sauvignon blanc on our porch while we watch the sun set.. Absolutely incredible! It's wonderful to know that we as a society have consigned ourselves to a future of setting aside some serious Me time, dancing like nobody's watching, and singing like nobody's listening!. "Now more than ever, humanity is confronted with the crucial challenge of finding a comfortable spot by a roaring fire, taking a load off, and indulging in the complex pleasures offered by a large glass of vino," the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists wrote in an official statement on their website explaining their unprecedented decision. "World leaders can no longer ignore the inescapable fact that it's time for all of us to treat ourselves to a whole pint of ice cream and just totally de-stress. We as a species need to come to terms with the fact that sunsets are proof that endings can be beautiful. Wine O "Clock is upon us, and so we have no choice but to issue the following message to all of humankind: we hope you dance.". Wow. This is definitely the best news we've heard about the Doomsday Clock in a long time! While humanity might one day find itself back on the brink of complete annihilation, it's great to know that for now, it's Wine O "Clock, and we can all get comfortable in front of the fire and let our worries dissolve into a soothing glass of our vintage of choice. We can't wait to see what the Doomsday Clock has in store for us next!,    The COVID-19 pandemic has been hitting elderly people especially hard. On top of facing increased health risks from the virus, seniors in nursing homes have also been suffering from loneliness and isolation because they're no longer able to see their families. But one nursing home staff did something for one of their residents that's absolutely going to warm your heart: The caretakers in this man's nursing home gave him a glove taped to an incredibly long stick so he could spank his son and grandson during quarantine!. How beautiful! It's so amazing to see people work together to help a lonely old man stay connected with his family during such a difficult time!. Before the coronavirus began wreaking havoc across the globe, 76-year-old Walter Bruce used to get visits from his 48-year-old son Richard and his 9-year-old grandson Colton every single week. During these visits, Walter would bend his son and grandson over his knee and spank them for all the misbehaving they had done so that they would both grow up right, and it never failed to boost his spirits. And if losing these visits to the pandemic weren't hard enough for Walter already, Richard and Colton started coming by during quarantine to taunt him through his window, mooning him and laughing at him while he banged on the glass and screamed, "Damn you to Hell! I'll kill you!" It just wasn't the same, and Walter began feeling more and more depressed.. Walter's caretakers at the nursing home noticed how despondent he'd become, so they surprised him by attaching a rubber glove filled with marbles to the end of a 30-foot-long stick and giving it to him as a gift! Now Walter can remain indoors and spank his son and grandson from a safe distance while they bend over in the parking lot.. According to his caretakers, Walter's spanking stick has done wonders to improve his mood. Nearly every day, Walter's son calls him on the phone and says, "Guess what, old man? Me and my boy have been causing mischief all over town and there's nothing you can do about it!" and Walter yells back, "You son of a bitch! Drive yourself over to the parking lot and prepare for the spanking of a lifetime." Then Walter's son and grandson drive over to the nursing home and bend over in the parking lot, at which point Walter begins gleefully smacking them on their backsides from the safety of his bedroom with his glove on a stick. Richard and Colton yell, "We're sorry! We're sorry!" over and over while Walter yells, "This "ll teach you, you goddamn bastards!" and slaps them repeatedly on their exposed buttocks until Richard and Colton, feeling remorseful and sore, tearfully return to their car and go home, having been properly punished for their misbehavior. . Um, anyone else getting a little misty-eyed right now? People like Walter's nurses are the true heroes of this pandemic!. "When I found out I couldn't spank them anymore, I was so afraid they were going to misbehave without any discipline and grow up to play guitar like the degenerate boys in The Replacements," says Walter. "But now with my spanking stick, I can give my delinquent son and rebellious grandson all the beatings they need to grow up to be good and decent Americans. It's not the same as bending them over my knee in person, but it's certainly better than not getting to hear them squeal in pain at all.". It doesn't get more heartwarming than this!. In dark times like these, it's truly wonderful to see the amazing workers at this nursing home going out of their way to bring much-needed joy and purpose back into Walter's life. We hope Walter makes many happy memories spanking his son and grandson with his glove on a stick, and we can't wait until this is all over so he can spank them in person once again!,    From terrorism, to cyber attacks, to global warming, there is no shortage of things that keep Americans up at night. But every once in a while we are reminded that there . are.  in fact people looking out for us and making sure we stay safe: the Pentagon has just announced what it will do if there's a 50-foot-tall Lumberjack Guy wandering around.. Awesome!. "If there is a 50-foot-tall Lumberjack Guy roaming around America, we will be prepared. We have a plan," said Gen. Mark A. Milley, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. "Americans should rest easy knowing that we will not just allow some massive Lumberjack Guy to stumble around this great country unopposed.". Wow. The plan itself is currently classified, but leaked reports indicate the Pentagon's plan involves using a stack of pancakes to lure the 50-Foot-Tall Lumberjack Guy into a large field. Once there, a team of Navy Seals will tie a series of ropes around his massive ankles while he is occupied with the pancakes, thus rendering the Lumberjack Guy completely neutralized. Then an air horn will be blown, causing the Lumberjack Guy to become startled and try to run away. The Lumberjack Guy will trip over the ropes and fall to the ground, at which point he will be dosed with a sedative before he is taken to a secret military facility to be dissected.. This is seriously great news. If a 50-foot-tall Lumberjack Guy was allowed to wander around America, there's just no telling what kind of damage he might cause. And if he is carrying a massive axe, which he likely would be -- well, we Don't even want to think about it. Thankfully, the Pentagon is ready.. But if the plan . doesn't.  work? "If our initial plan does not work, we will have no choice but to cut off his head with a laser," Milley says. "Regardless, we are ready for the 50-foot-tall Lumberjack Guy, and if he has some sort of large blue pet as well, we are ready for that too.". Yep. You can feel free to exhale now. Thank you to the Pentagon for working so hard to keep our nation safe from massive lumberjacks!,    Grab a box of tissues and get ready to cry, because this is definitely the most heartbreaking story you're going to read all day: This elderly 36-year-old man is babbling incoherently about something called "My Bloody Valentine.". God, this is so depressing. It's always so devastating to watch as someone's mental faculties start failing them in their twilight years.. A few days ago, 36-year-old senior citizen Steven Kane was listening to music on his ancient record-playing contraption when he looked up and said, "For my money, the emotive balance between drone and melody that My Bloody Valentine achieved in the early  "90s is the most innovative development in guitar-based rock of the past 30 years." Everyone within earshot immediately became extremely concerned, since this was a very worrying string of word salad with almost no discernible meaning, seemingly pieced together from random unrelated terms floating around in his fading memory.. After carrying on an extremely belabored conversation with Steven in which the clearly disoriented 36-year-old muttered meaningless, grammar-defying phrases like, "to here knows when," and "several girls galore," his family members were eventually able to determine that My Bloody Valentine was some kind of musical group. They then listened to some My Bloody Valentine recordings to try to grasp what their elderly relative was talking about, but the sound quality was so distorted and degraded that it was basically just an indecipherable burst of white noise, totally devoid of the catchy melodies and relatable lyrics that typically define what people of sound mind consider music. The so-called songs had some bizarre approximation of singing in them, but it was undeniably disturbing--like the tortured moans of a nauseous ghost--and mostly washed out by the deafening instrumentals. Yet even though the music was utterly unlistenable, Steven just sat there smiling and bobbing his head to the songs as if they were normal radio hits. It was an upsetting sight to behold, and it made his 12-year-old cousin cry.  . In the days since this first troubling display of senility, Steven has continued to babble incomprehensibly about whatever My Bloody Valentine is, which family members now suspect might be some fantastical genre of music born of his fractured imagination. While no one can ever be quite sure what he's saying, it's pretty clear from the way he tosses out gibberish phrases like "enigmatic shoegaze vanguards" and "the authentic version of Soon is on the Glider EP" that his decrepit 36-year-old mind is no longer lucid. . Steven's obvious dementia has taken a huge emotional toll on pretty much everyone in his life. "Out of pity, I asked Steven if he could tell me more about whatever the fuck  "My Bloody Valentine " is," said Molly Ryan, a friend and coworker of Steven's who's been deeply troubled by his mental decline. "And he just smiled at me and said,  "Don't tell Jim DeRogatis I said this, but I like isn't anything more than loveless. " It's so scary to hear him confidently blurting out random words from the chaos of his mind as if they're actual cogent thoughts. He definitely needs help.". "I have no idea who on earth Jim DeRogatis is," Molly added. "Maybe it's one of Steven's childhood friends who died or something. It's so heartbreaking to hear Steven talk about forgotten people from his past like they're still around.". This is just devastating. It's so difficult to see an elderly man of almost 40 losing his marbles in real-time as his brain rapidly deteriorates. It's definitely time for Steven's family to consider putting him in hospice, because he is clearly too old and helpless to be taking care of himself. While it's painful to accept, it seems that Steven's failing 36-year-old brain is going to continue to be consumed by this bizarre My Bloody Valentine thing until he's completely incapacitated.,    In the month since the horrific murder of George Floyd, we've seen an unprecedented number of Americans take to social media to speak out against police brutality and demand justice. While this has been an overwhelmingly positive development in the fight for racial justice in America, it's clear that some people still haven't figured out how to effectively wield social media for the cause. Case in point: one of your old high school teachers keeps reposting a viral photo of a Black man and a white man wearing the same shirt as though that's some sort of comment on what's going on right now.. Huh. Not quite sure what sort of angle she's getting at here, but okay.. Over the past month, your high school music teacher, a now-retired white woman in her late 60s, has on no fewer than three occasions gone on her personal Facebook page to share the baffling photo, which depicts two totally regular-looking guys--one white, one Black--standing side by side in matching T-shirts that say "FUN IN THE SUN" on the front. The men aren't hugging or making any kind of profound gesture of racial unity or anything. They're just standing there smiling and doing absolutely nothing that could possibly be perceived as a statement on racism in the U.S.  . Hmm. You have to assume that your old teacher saw lots of other people posting about race on Facebook recently and felt a need to contribute to the dialogue, although the only conceivable point she could be making with the photo she keeps posting is ...that white people and Black people can wear the same clothes? Like, what the fuck does she think the post is commenting on? Oppression? Shirts? Having a nice time in the sun? It doesn't seem like she quite understands what all the protests have been about. . In her most recent post, your teacher shared the photo with the comment "This." plus a flexing muscle emoji, which suggests that maybe the fact that the two men are wearing the same outfit is proof of racial equality in her mind. She clearly thought the post was significant in some way, because she then tagged her husband in the comments of the post and wrote "take a look" as if it were some kind of thought-provoking point in a larger conversation. It's possible she simply thought that the very sight of two men of different races in the same shirt would act as a balm for racial tensions in the country, which obviously would be a major stretch. However, it does seem that it might have had that exact effect, as one of her Facebook friends commented "Preach!" under the post, and in addition to seven likes, three people reacted by clicking the heart emoji in enthusiastic support of whatever the hell point was being made.. We're really at a loss here. What could she possibly be getting at?. It is certainly a bit unsettling to see this woman, whose job was literally to nurture the critical thinking skills of children, struggle so mightily to make a cogent comment on the current historical moment in this country. Even posting something as simple as the words "Black Lives Matter" would've been so much more productive, but apparently she's under the impression that a photo of two smiling men in matching shirts speaks volumes about race in America. you've got to assume that her intentions are good, but here's hoping she "ll at least put her money where her mouth is and donate to some worthy causes in support of whatever point she thinks she's making, because unfortunately her Facebook posts are doing jackshit. , 6 Ways To Make Your Neighbor Move Away Using Nothing But A Common Crow. Can't All Be Home Runs: How Many Of Jesus's Underwhelming, Second-Rate Miracles Do You Remember?. It's Lunchtime, Baby! Get The Fuck Away From Your Desk And Go Eat Awesome Shit!. See You In The Fall, Martin! Martin Scorsese Has Gone Into Hibernation. Does Master Like The  "Which Marvel Superhero Are You? " Quiz I Have Prepared For Him? Does It Please Master?. Heartbreaking: The Kind Of Nice Thing That This Guy's Friend Just Mindlessly Said About Him In Passing Is Going To Be A Central Pillar Of His Self-Esteem For The Rest Of His Life. Can You Respectfully And Delicately Inform Oprah That Stedman Was Swallowed Whole By A Python?.       Everyone knows that Mrs. Lisa is a 64-year-old graphic designer with a penchant for gardening and a heart of gold. However, the world is full of imposters looking to steal a piece of her notoriety for themselves. Can you tell the difference between the real Mrs. Lisa and an imposter? Take this quiz to find out!,    The coronavirus pandemic has already claimed countless small businesses as casualties, and, unfortunately, its economic impact on our communities " small businesses is still far from being fully realized. But amid numerous tragic stories of awesome local establishments being forced to shut down, there's one coronavirus casualty that is definitely not a big deal at all: the exotic pet store down the street that no one ever went to has permanently closed its doors.. Well, there's certainly no big loss here.. Reptile Dreams And More, that weird exotic pet store on the corner that always seemed sort of illegal, announced on their Facebook page today that restrictions put on businesses in an attempt to slow the spread of the deadly virus have forced them to close their smelly, dimly-lit operation for good. The typo-laden Facebook post, the store's first since 2016, when they announced the arrival of a fresh batch of "trantulas," thanked the local community for its support--despite the fact only, like, 5 people ever actually went into that place. It then went on to depressingly list off some discounted exotic animals and accessories for sale which were basically all the exact same shit that the store had in stock for the entirety of the 7 years it was in business.. While the economic devastation caused by the pandemic has truly been heartbreaking, in the case of Reptile Dreams And More, you've got to admit it's a loss that's pretty easy to stomach. The place was always like 120 degrees inside, never carried any pets anyone would actually want in their house, and stubbornly refused to stock regular pet supplies that people would actually have bought, like cat food or dog toys. Pretty much the only reason anyone ever went there was to take a picture of their shitty hand-painted sign that looked like a toddler made it with a bunch fat-looking snakes and a cricket that for some reason was 5 times the size of the snakes on it to post to their Instagram with an ironic caption like, "Hiring the person who painted this to paint portraits of my kids!" or something.. Adding to the list of reasons that losing Reptile Dreams And More to the coronavirus is really nothing to lose any sleep over is the fact that the owner, known only by the nickname  "Scorps, " always had some kind of bandage on his arm that was half falling off, and he was never welcoming to customers even though only like 1 person every 2 years ever went into that place. Additionally, the store basically carried all the exact same stuff that the big pet store out by the mall sells in their  "exotics " aisle for far better prices, with the exception of a few poisonous breeds of snakes that no one should ever own anyway. Not to mention the fact the store's website confusingly listed an old phone number that no longer worked and strangely included several low-resolution photos of women in bikinis with pythons wrapped around them as the entirety of its  "Inventory " section.. Yep, the devastating effects of coronavirus on small businesses cannot be understated, but the loss of this particular one is nothing to really get upset about. This is definitely the kind of story that will make you shrug your shoulders and then continue on with your day with absolutely no change.,    In today's hyper-polarized political climate, it's incredibly important for there to be positive depictions of adultery in media. That's why it is more powerful than ever to see beautiful drawings like these of Big Bird sprinting through the wilderness to make love to a married woman.. There he goes! It's Big Bird running as fast as he can through the Gobi Desert on a 6,000 mile journey to have sex with a 45-year-old married woman in Boston. The sweltering heat and the blinding sun will not slow Big Bird down as he makes a beeline towards an adulterous affair! While Big Bird runs through the desert, he gets a text message from the married woman letting him know she's already thrown her wedding ring in the garbage. Big Bird texts back, "Adultery is a vegetable and I have the healthiest diet in the world," but he does not stop moving--he texts while he runs. Adultery is beautiful to Big Bird, and he will risk his life in the desert in order to have sex with this woman while her husband is on a business trip. This is the kind of sex-positive image children everywhere need to see!. Here is Big Bird sprinting through the jungles of Vietnam on his way to the home of a married woman in London who is waiting for Big Bird to come have sex with her. Even though Big Bird is running quickly on his big, hairless legs, it will still take him months to reach the married woman, but as soon as he arrives he will say, "I am Big Bird and I've traveled through the jungle to have sex with you while your husband is gone or while he watches us. I Don't care if he sees us have sex." And the woman will say, "Of course, you're Big Bird. you're yellow, and everything yellow is Big Bird. I Don't remember if my husband is home or not, but it doesn't matter. Let's have loud extramarital sex where you use your human penis to make love to me." This is the kind of stunning picture that can inspire sex-positivity all over the world, and we are here for it!. Siberia is a brutally cold and inhospitable place where very little life can survive, yet this does not deter Big Bird from booking it thousands of miles across the frigid tundra towards the home of a married woman in Tokyo. She is so far away, but Big Bird will not stop even to sleep as he risks hypothermia on his arduous journey to her marital bed. As Big Bird runs through the frozen wasteland, he is screaming, "Blizzards and tundra rats do not scare me! I'm on my way to commit adultery!" From somewhere deep in the jungle, a deep voice bellows, "Be careful, Big Bird! The woman has three children! Think of how your adultery will affect them!" And Big Bird shouts back, "I hope it ruins their lives! I'm . Sesame Street. 's CEO of Adultery!" It's so inspiring to see Big Bird going above and beyond like this to have extramarital sex. This is the kind of sex-positive message that everyone needs to see!. The threat of death is meaningless to Big Bird. Oscar The Grouch calls him "the Adultery Hound," and it's a well-deserved title. Look at Big Bird here, hanging precariously hundreds of feet in the air, using all his strength to summit a rock face so that he can get to a married woman who lives in California! Vultures and ravens fly around Big Bird's head and say, "You can do it, Big Bird! You can make it up this mountain and go commit adultery!" And Big Bird says, "Thank you, my friends! With the support of other birds, all adultery is possible! Many times on . Sesame Street.  I have told the children the important lesson that birds will always help other birds commit adultery!" Just one misstep means certain death, but Big Bird does not care because he is going to have mediocre sex with a married woman and they are both going to have an okay time doing it in front of the woman's sad husband! Now more than ever, these images are exactly what America needs to see. Only adultery can heal America, and Americans can't commit adultery until they see Big Bird doing it first! When it comes to adultery, nothing can stop Big Bird! There's no distance too great, no terrain too dangerous for Big Bird! He "ll do whatever it takes to make passionate love to women who are already married, and that is incredibly beautiful.,
    If you were craving an authentic Italian meal for dinner tonight, you're in luck, because there's an immersive culinary adventure beginning in the kitchen as we speak. : Mom is drinking wine and making chicken alfredo from a box while listening to that music-only TV channel in the 400s that plays Frank Sinatra songs!. Bellissimo! Mom has truly brought home a slice of Sicily for all to enjoy!. As soon as she got back from the grocery store this afternoon, Mom all but transported herself to the coast of the Mediterranean Sea by pouring a glass of Little Penguin Pinot Grigio over ice and flipping to Music Choice Channel number 442 that plays a Frank Sinatra song every ten minutes or so. She then began swaying back and forth and humming along to "My Way" as she got the box of Banquet Chicken Alfredo going on the stove, filling the house with a cheesy scent so rich and delightful it's difficult to believe that she's in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and not in a pastificio near the Palermo beach.. Mom didn't stop cultivating the romantic European mood there, either: after giving the alfredo a careful stir, she poured a bag of pre-made salad with chunks of purple cabbage and iceberg lettuce into a big wooden bowl and topped it with Wishbone Italian dressing. Then, as the opening notes "Fly Me To The Moon" issued from the flat-screen television's speakers, she placed the bowl on the table beside the green bottle of grated Kraft cheese and called it an ". antipast.  with . parmesan".  in the Italian dialect she picked up from a waiter at a Venice restaurant on a day-trip stop off on the Carnival Cruise she took with her husband for her 50th birthday! The waiter's name was Pasquale!. Having finished sprinkling garlic powder onto frozen Wonder bread like it's a secret family recipe passed down from generation to generation, Mom then pulled out a candelabra from Halloween in the hutch and lit its taper candles to set the mood, making the whole place feel like a quiet, romantic cafe situated on a quiet cobblestone street just off the piazza. Now she's giving herself a moment to take it all in by closing her eyes, leaning back on the counter, and tilting the wine around in her glass with the precision of a sommelier who trained for years in the vineyards of Tuscany!. But the night isn't merely about cuisine -- it's a celebration of culture, too. That's why Mom just paused her dinner preparations for a minute to carefully read the fun fact about Frank Sinatra that's popped on the Music Choice Channel's screensaver, which says, "Did you know? The members of The Rat Pack did not refer to themselves as  "The Rat Pack. "" It's clear that she's committing it to memory so she can share it during dinner as though it's essential wisdom she learned from her Nonna during her childhood summers in Naples, and we can't wait for her to regale us with her knowledge! . This is just spectacular! Mom has recreated the incredible tastes and sounds of Italy in her house, and we couldn't be more impressed! Tonight's meal is going to be a dinner to remember. Buon appetito, Mom! ,    If you've ever let fear or uncertainty stop you from going out on a limb and trying something new, it was likely for the best, as here's a story that proves that good things rarely come from diverging from routine: This guy briefly toyed around with some of the different settings on his shower head only to immediately come crawling back to the normal one after realizing the others were all way shittier. . If it ain't broke, Don't fix it. Idiot.. When Max Kenlock of Des Moines, Iowa, turned on the water for his post-shower workout this morning, he was suddenly possessed with the pompous notion that he could somehow do better than the good ol' standard setting on the chrome shower head he bought for $21 on Amazon last month. But it wasn't long before his hubris came back to bite him in the ass, as he quickly realized that the other settings--with pleasant-sounding names like "RAIN," "MASSAGE JET," and "MORNING MIST"-- did not even come close to delivering the heavenly, spa-like experiences he'd anticipated. The first setting he tried produced a single concentrated stream of water that kind of just blasted him on the back of the neck while leaving the rest of his body cold and sudsy, while the second just sputtered out a mess of atomized bullshit, issuing a fine dew that barely even got him wet and offered absolutely nothing in terms of utility. . Though the first two settings were unmitigated disasters that in no way resembled what a normal person would consider a shower, Max foolishly continued with the doomed experiment, cycling through a so-called massage setting that utterly failed to live up to the promise of its name thanks to his apartment's subpar water pressure, followed by a 10-second tryst with "WIDE," a maddeningly unspecific setting that sprayed a circle of water around but not onto his body, achieving nothing. His gamble was clearly not paying off, but he nonetheless then went on to try the "PULSE" setting, which was just like the normal setting but with constant interruptions, leaving him yearning for the simple, reliable consistency of the original setting, which he finally ended up sheepishly returning to, having made an ass of himself. . Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Bet you're feeling like quite the dipshit now, aren't you, Max?. This all just goes to show that trying new things is never worth it. Let this pitiful saga serve as a cautionary tale for all those who might delude themselves into thinking that there's a better way to do things, when there almost certainly never is. Just be a normal person and stick to the normal shower head setting. It's not hard.,    For four incredible seasons and counting, the Fab Five have been delivering unforgettable moments on every single episode of . Queer Eye. . But we have one very important question: are you Antoni, Tan, Karamo, Bobby, or Jonathan? Only this quiz will tell you once and for all which . Queer Eye.  cast member you are, so what are you waiting for? Let's get started!,
 Oh Great, The Fog Is Here: It Is Now Very Foggy On Top Of Everything Else. 7 Incredibly Majestic Animals Who, Keep In Mind, Have Never Accomplished A Single Thing In Their Lives. Heartbreaking: This Man Has Been Working For Weeks Under The Impression That He's An Essential Worker. Complete Betrayal: This Woman Just Found Out Her Husband Of 20 Years Isn't Really Mr. Smee. 4 Times On  "Sesame Street " Where Elmo Eagerly Sliced His Own Belly Open To Show Everyone He Was Full Of Batteries.  "That's Why Their Heads Were So Large And Misshapen ": The Creators Of  "Rugrats " Just Revealed That They Made The Babies Look That Way To Show What Happens If You Vaccinate Your Children. "Barefoot Contessa " Is Italian For  "Mrs. Foot": A Day In The Life Of Ina Garten.       You just baked a loaf of bread, and you were very excited to eat it, but when you took it out of the oven, it was talking frantically in a deep, loud voice, pleading with you not to eat it so that it could live. It sounds really desperate, but it also smells delicious and you're pretty hungry. Are you strong enough to eat the loaf of bread you just baked even though it came out of the oven begging for life? Take this quiz to find out!,    I remember exactly when Elizabeth Holmes first came on the scene in Silicon Valley, because she instantly got people talking. Here was this intelligent, articulate 19-year-old Stanford dropout, confidently walking around town waving a switchblade and yelling "Invest in my blood idea before I jab you! C'mon! I'll jab you right in the leg! Try me!" In the tech industry, people were ready to hear that kind of message. . My goal was to disrupt blood testing. Getting your blood drawn is one of the most traumatic experiences a person can go through -- it involves leaving your house, it can take up to several minutes, and the whole thing has to be interpreted for you by someone who went to school specifically to learn how to do that. It's a broken system. I envisioned another way: a way where people who wanted blood tests could put their hands inside a box and let the box figure it out.. Elizabeth first approached me with her idea for a biotech company when she was still in school. The first thing I noticed about her was her switchblade. She whipped this tiny little knife out of her pocket as soon as she got into my office, and she started poking it around at the air, yelling "you're gonna help me with my blood company and you're gonna like it! Or I'm gonna getcha! You bet your ass I'm gonna getcha!" Then, she launched into her pitch for a business called "Theranos" --  a portmanteau of "Theraflu" and "Domino's". All in all, she seemed determined to succeed, but I was turned off by her lack of expertise with the subject. She seemed to have an incredibly poor understanding of basic biology.. I want to be clear about one thing: I have no idea what's inside of blood. I never did. But succeeding in Silicon Valley isn't about knowing what blood is. It's about making a billion dollars.. I became even more disturbed after I saw her transcript. She was only in two classes, one of which was a one-credit course called "Copying Keys 101." That class just covered how to make copies of house keys, like those guys behind the booth at Home Depot do. The other was "Remedial American History For Complete Idiots." None of that made me feel confident that she knew what she was doing, medicine-wise.. I saw Phyllis Gardner at a Stanford staff event and she told me about Elizabeth Holmes " idea. I personally thought it was genius. I've always wished there was a way to get your blood drawn by someone or something other than a trained professional, in someplace other than a sterile, fully equipped doctor's office. There were many other people who agreed with me.. When I met Elizabeth, I could instantly tell she had something special. She was totally fearless, just dancing around my office with her switchblade and saying "It's a blood company, idiot!! What Don't you understand about that? Give me a million bucks before I slice your little dick off!" She wouldn't stop waving her knife in my face until I said I was in. I found that really impressive.. You Don't see a lot of young women in Silicon Valley who are willing to back you up against the wall behind your desk with this blade to your throat and say, "Listen, mister: I need your money to make a big blood box and I need it yesterday. Capitulate now, or there will be hell to pay!" On some level, I just wanted to see someone like that succeed. I thought to myself, "This woman could be the next Steve Jobs.". Steve Jobs embodied everything I have always wanted to be: 6 "2, bald, best friends with Steve Wozniak, and the owner of a company that sells expensive rectangles that make everyone's life more convenient and worse at the same time. There was no question: What Steve Jobs did for iMovie, I wanted to do for blood.. : It was clear to me that Elizabeth was obsessed with becoming a tech superstar, and I could tell that she was manipulating her public image to make people respect her more. For example, in the media and at work she talks in this deep, authoritative baritone, but I've heard her real voice, and it's actually much, much deeper.. : Ever since she was a little kid, Elizabeth has had a voice like a distant airplane taking off. It's normally well below the range of human hearing -- when she opens her mouth, you can see her forming words, and you can feel the floor shaking, but you have to strain to understand any of what she's saying. It's a shame, but I think she felt that if she was going to succeed as a woman in Silicon Valley, she needed to make her voice more palatable to the general public..  Elizabeth clearly believed that no one would take her seriously if they could feel their legs trembling from the bass in her voice before they could even understand what she was trying to tell them. It must have been difficult to keep up, but she raised her voice several octaves every time she spoke publicly, and it seems like it really worked.. : People were going crazy for Elizabeth. She was making all kinds of media lists: Time's 30 Tech Geniuses Under 30, Glamour's 500 Female Entrepreneurs Under 90, Fortune's 12 CEOs Who Look About 25, Forbes " prestigious Two Ladies We Saw At The Mall Yesterday Who Seem Like They Might Be Up To Something. She was a sensation, and she was only getting started. . I guess I was on the board at Theranos, yes. I assumed it was a birthday party for one of my nieces. Is that what it was? What was Theranos? Can someone tell me?. The Theranos board meetings were a bit of a mixed bag. The Theranos headquarters was this huge, ultra-modern building with all-white furniture and inspirational quotes on the walls that said things like, "Please Succeed Today," and "Blood. Excellence. Theranos. Repeat." But if anyone asked Elizabeth if they could see any of the technology they were working on, she would yell "Trade secret!" and hit them over the head with a big club. She called that "wiping their memory." And then, of course, there was always Henry Kissinger standing in the corner of the room with a bunch of balloons that said "Happy Birthday, Beautiful!".  If it was my niece's birthday party, I hope she had a nice time.. I accepted a job as a lab assistant at Theranos in 2005 because I thought I was getting in on the ground floor of something incredible. A lot of us felt that way -- like we were going to be changing the world alongside Silicon Valley's next big freak of nature.. I worked at Apple under Steve Jobs for fifteen years, so I was used to being part of a demanding work environment by the time I was hired at Theranos. But. I could tell something was off from the get-go when Elizabeth handed me a portable karaoke machine and said "You need to figure out how to turn this into a doctor.". Every day we were supposed to work on this blood testing machine that Elizabeth wanted to call "Dr. Holmes " Blood Blaster 5000," but which was eventually shortened to "The Edison." It was supposed to be a compact, streamlined box that could perform hundreds of diagnostic blood tests instantly -- but all we had to start with was a Sony brand karaoke machine with multicolor strobe lights on the front and a big, heavy microphone hanging off the side.. The easiest way to become a billionaire is to sell something in the shape of a box. Walkman? Box. Computer? Box. iPod? Box. People want to see a bunch of wires in a box. And that's what I was going to give them.. Elizabeth had clearly just gotten this karaoke machine from a Circuit City. There was still a receipt stuck to it. But she told us that this was the prototype for the Edison, and that she wanted people to be able to stick their hands inside it and immediately find out how they were going to die. I thought that sounded impossible, but we had to try. When you spoke to Elizabeth, she had a way of making you believe in her vision.. We pretty quickly figured out a way that we could get the karaoke machine to play "Ain't No Other Man" by Christina Aguilera. We would have test subjects come in and sing along to Ain't No Other Man, and then we would try to decide if they had a disease or not based on how well they did. As a scientist, it was not a diagnostic method I felt good about using, but it was the best we could do at the time.. The next iteration of the Edison was great at some things, but not at others. We got to a point where our machine could prick someone's finger for a blood sample, but we couldn't figure out how to test the blood. All we could do was create a flawless, sentient clone of that person. So then we had at least a hundred clones running around that we had to lock up in the boiler room. We put up a volleyball net for them, so for a while they had a pretty good time, but eventually they started clawing at the walls and trying to escape. All the desperate scratching sounds made the work environment at Theranos that much more unpleasant.. : I'm pretty sure those clones all got let out when the company shut down. I hope they're doing all right, wherever they are. None of them have Social Security numbers.. The last Edison machine we came up with was just a toaster. We figured if we couldn't give people a blood test, it would be nice if they at least had some toast.. We were beginning to realize that the technology Elizabeth was asking for wasn't going to be possible, but she refused to take no for an answer. One time, she made me stick my hand in the toaster, turned it on, and when I pulled it out all red and burnt she said "See? It works. You have lupus." But as mean as she was, things got ten times worse when she hired Sunny Balwani as Theranos's president.. Beginning in 2009, Sunny was my right-hand man and the head of day-to-day operations at Theranos. Yes, we did have a romantic relationship, but we never brought that into the workplace. We kissed on the lips, sure, but that's what I would have done with any president of the company, as a show of respect.. I first met Elizabeth when I was driving down University Avenue in Palo Alto, and she was on the sidewalk, dragging a burlap sack full of hundred dollar bills behind her. She was the most perfect woman I had ever laid eyes on. I yelled "Hey lady! What's the cash for?" and she yelled back "Theranos stuff!" It was the start of an incredible relationship.. Once Elizabeth and Sunny got together, there was no chance of getting through to them. If you went to raise a concern, they would just stand there giving each other peck after peck on the lips until you backed down. They insisted they weren't dating, and that it was a classic Silicon Valley custom between a company's president and CEO.. We all had to gather every morning in the cafeteria for a "Leaders " Kiss" ceremony, where Elizabeth and Sunny would hold hands and kiss each other on the lips while all the employees chanted "This is normal! This is normal!" It was their way of lording their power over us.. I just couldn't stay away from Elizabeth. She was everything I had ever wanted in a woman: she hated getting her blood drawn, she dressed kind of like Steve Jobs, and she could make a copy of your house keys in under an hour. We were an unstoppable team.. I started dreading going to work every morning. One time, Elizabeth and Sunny called me into their shared office to formally reprimand me, because they said my desk wasn't clean enough for them to make out on top of. I had to stay late Lysoling it down. . One time I asked Elizabeth if she could quit spritzing cologne onto Sunny's neck and come take a look at this robotic arm I was working on for the Edison, but she just turned to me, sprayed the cologne right in my eyes and screamed, "It's Valentine's Day, asshole! Mind your own business!" It was the middle of June, but I was too afraid to argue with her. . When investors came by the lab to check up on our operations and try out the Edison machines, Elizabeth and Sunny made us turn out all the lights, lay down on the floor, and pretend we were asleep. Sometimes it would take hours before the visiting investors gave up and went away. Things were going downhill fast, but all of us wanted to believe that they could still turn around.. It was my dream to put an Edison machine in every Pacsun in America. I wanted to make taking charge of your health as easy as giving a single finger prick of blood right after you finish paying for a pair of light wash bootcut jeans and a zip-up sweatshirt with the Billabong logo on it. But Pacsun wasn't interested, so we moved on to our plan B: Walgreens.. When Elizabeth Holmes approached me about putting Edison machines in Walgreens, I agreed immediately. I'm always looking to put more junk in the back of a Walgreens. We've already got those shitty old blood pressure machines that only kids who are waiting for their parents to be done at the pharmacy ever use, plus those weird, dirty-looking shelves full of on-sale diet pills and off-brand Easter candy and whatnot, so I figured, why not add whatever the hell this woman is talking about?. One of the highlights of our marketing campaign was when I got the chance to film a Theranos commercial with the great Errol "You Can Bet Your Ass He's Showbiz's Finest Errol" Morris.. A lot of people ask me, "Errol, why did you agree to make a commercial for Theranos? What were you thinking? Didn't you make "The Thin Blue Line"? Aren't you tirelessly committed to justice and truth-telling? Couldn't you tell Elizabeth Holmes was a fraud?" I tell those people, "Do you know who I am? I'm Errol freaking Morris, okay? . I . ask . you . the questions. . I . make a documentary about . you. I . figure out why . you . made a commercial for Theranos, not the other way around. Capisce?" And by the time I'm done saying all that, they've usually walked away.. The Walgreens deal was the last straw for me. It was incredibly dishonest. We all knew that the Edison was a disaster. Almost everyone who used it, regardless of age or sex, got told that they were pregnant, and also had rubella.. There were literally thousands of people out on the street every day, screaming in horror and tearing out their hair because they thought they were going to die of rubella in the middle of their unwanted pregnancies. It was not right that we put people through that.. After the Walgreens rollout, Sunny forced me to hire my 12-year-old cousin to ferry all the blood samples from the Edison machines at Walgreens to nearby commercial labs that could process them. He and Elizabeth would do anything to cover up the fact that the Edison didn't work.. I was so excited to take my first Theranos test at the drugstore, because normally I hate getting my blood drawn. But the test turned out to be a major disappointment. First of all, as soon as I walked up to the Edison machine, I could see a man in full camouflage crouching right behind it. I figured that was a fluke, so I tried to just ignore him while I stuck my hand inside and let the machine prick my finger. But then, a second later, I saw the man grab a tiny vial of my blood from the machine and furiously army crawl out the back door of the Walgreens. I followed him, and from the door he tossed the vial to this little boy in a bucket hat who was sitting on a BMX bike in the back parking lot. As soon as the kid caught the vial, he started pedaling like hell up the street -- I assume to take my blood to some kind of lab. Later that night, the test results came back saying that I was already dead. That wasn't really what I was looking for from the Theranos experience.. I had been following the Theranos story with a level of skepticism for years, but it was 2015 when the company started to seem really shady to me. That was when I brought my telescope up to the roof of a hair salon across the street from their lab and started seeing for myself what was going on behind closed doors. . Yeah, I let that reporter guy use my roof to spy on Theranos. I Don't like that place. I used their machine and it told me my blood "smelled wrong." I Don't let anyone say that kind of thing to me, especially at my own neighborhood Walgreens.. Once I climbed on top of Fantasy Cuts and trained my telescopic lens on the Theranos building, all my suspicions were confirmed: I was instantly able to spot Elizabeth and Sunny Balwani running towards each other from opposite ends of a room with their lips all puckered like they were going to kiss each other, then accidentally bashing their heads together and spinning around a bunch before collapsing on the floor. I realized that they were putting on a competent face for the public, but had no idea what they were doing.. It seemed like a few people were catching on to what was going on inside Theranos, but at the same time, the general public was still obsessed with her. In 2015, President Obama even made Elizabeth one of his administration's Presidential Ambassadors For Global Entrepreneurship and invited her to the White House. And Vice President Biden flew out to tour the Theranos facility.. I Don't know what you're talking about. I have never invited Elizabeth Holmes anywhere. Michelle must have snuck into my office and done that. Michelle loves Theranos. Not me. I think Theranos is stupid.. Everyone is so mad at me for visiting Theranos, but the truth is, I saw some incredible things there. They had this room full of vials, beakers, little dropper things, machines everywhere -- I think they called it a "science laboratory." I Don't know how they thought that up, but in my opinion, it was genius.. Soon, I began speaking anonymously to some Theranos employees about what was going on at the company. I would stand on the roof of Fantasy Cuts waving furiously until I caught someone's attention through the Theranos window. Then I would signal for them to come over to the salon, and while Vicky gave them a bowl cut, I'd ask them some questions.. The bowl is the only hair shape that's universally flattering. I give all my clients bowl cuts, unless they're bald, in which case I put a wig on them.. I was really happy that John Carreyrou was trying to report the truth about Theranos, but it was scary to be a whistleblower because you always came back with the telltale bowl cut. Fortunately, enough of us got them that it just became a trend in its own right, and even people who weren't talking to John were showing up to work with round, floppy hairdos. . I gotta say, John interviewed a lot of those Theranos employees in front of me while I was giving them bowl cuts, and honestly the company didn't sound so bad. The bosses were always kissing, which I think is cute.. After speaking with a few employees, I knew I had a bombshell story on my hands. It was time for me to pack up my telescope, bring it home, remove any dirt and debris using a microfiber cloth, pack it up again, store it safely in my attic, lock the door to my attic, call my brother over to my house to double check that I locked the attic properly, make dinner for my brother to thank him for helping me with the attic thing, eat dinner with my brother, wash the dishes, walk my brother out to his car, come back inside, and get writing.. Public opinion about Theranos finally started to shift after John Carreyrou's stories came out. You would be at a newstand and see a Wired magazine with a cover story called "Elizabeth Holmes Is The Albert Einstein Of Blood," but right next to it would be the WSJ with a front page story called "Elizabeth Holmes Is The Cal Ripken, Jr. Of Blood." To understand that one, you had to know that John Carreyrou thinks Cal Ripken, Jr. is an idiot. Once people caught on, it was all over.. The morning my first Theranos story came out, I woke up to my phone ringing off the hook. It was my dentist's office calling to remind me that I had a 9:30 a.m. appointment scheduled the following Wednesday. It would have been nice if they had mentioned my big article, but I guess they hadn't seen it yet.. I've been a Theranos skeptic from the start, so I wasn't surprised at all when Elizabeth and Sunny were finally exposed. In fact, when the news broke, I was already halfway done cross-stitching my decorative "Elizabeth Holmes And Sunny Balwani Will Soon Face Criminal Fraud Charges For Their Terrible, Terrible Lies" pillow. . I got the news that Theranos was done when I was at the lab, in the middle of trying to get the Edison to stop flashing "I Don't LIKE YOU" on its screen anytime a patient would give a blood sample. I knocked the Edison over and sprinted out of the office, straight to my house. I was excited to put the Theranos chapter behind me.. I was relieved when I heard the company was finally shutting down, but unfortunately, it can be hard to get a new job in Silicon Valley when you have Theranos on your resume. I understand that I look silly for ever having believed in Elizabeth Holmes. But if you had ever witnessed her in action, running around you in tighter and tighter circles while rapid-fire jabbing that switchblade into the air in front of her, you might understand. She was a truly mesmerizing figure.. There were times when I was watching Elizabeth and Sunny doing a sexually suggestive tango across the Theranos cafeteria and I would just be praying that somehow, some way, they would stop mid-backbend, turn around to face me, and say "We've got a plan. We've got a way to make Theranos work." It never happened, though. There was a lot of wishful thinking that went on at that company.. John Carreyrou calling me the Cal Ripken, Jr. of blood was a double-edged sword -- I knew he meant it as a pejorative, but Cal Ripken, Jr. is also one of the baldest men in baseball, which I admire. What was really difficult was when the law started coming after me, all because some people didn't like what my machines were saying about their blood.. I will tell you the same thing I told the SEC, the FBI, and everyone else who has asked me: my beautiful Elizabeth and I did nothing wrong. We were in love, and sometimes falling in love means defrauding hundreds of people to help keep your girlfriend's biotech business afloat. If . loving someone so much that you commit crimes on their behalf is a crime, then lock me up and throw away the key.. I'll get a lot of criticism for this, but I stand by my investment in Theranos and I always will. Elizabeth was the only person in the world with the vision and the foresight to realize that sometimes you Don't want accurate health data -- you want health data from a box that has a needle inside of it. Someday, that idea will prevail.. Maybe Theranos was a lovely party for my great-niece. She is turning 28 this year. She is a wonderful young woman.. The media and the government took some big swings against me. They're intent on ruining my business prospects, but I won't let them keep me down. I already have a new idea for a compact, easy-to-use machine that takes a picture of your eye and analyzes the picture to tell you how old you are. It can get within 6 years of your exact age 85% of the time. The working name is the'dr. Holmes Eye Blaster 5000." . By 2022, there will be a Dr. Holmes Eye Blaster 5000 in every home in America. Mark my words.. The bottom line is, you can't trust everything that people are saying about me. Silicon Valley is all about risk, and that's exactly what Theranos was. When I started the company, I still had some things to learn about medicine. Did I know what ingredients God uses to make blood red? No. Did I know the names of all five veins in the human body? No. Did I know why people hate dying so much? No. I didn't know any of that. What I knew is that I had a vision. And I still do.. It can be hard to make sense of how Theranos got as far as it did before collapsing in on itself. There are a lot of explanations you could give for what happened. Maybe it was a one-in-a-million fluke. Maybe it was the power of Elizabeth's switchblade. Maybe it was all a fanciful dream playing out in the head of a slumbering giant in a faraway cave, and none of us exist at all. It's hard to say. In the end, I think everyone just wanted to believe that a deranged woman with an unhinged lust for a billion dollars could change the healthcare industry forever. I guess we were all wrong.,    Get excited, animal lovers, because some news just broke that will likely cement today as a historic day for animal rights: Following years of public uproar, SeaWorld has officially announced that they're going to release all their animals into the wild, although they're going to put on one last no-holds-barred, 12-hour show where absolutely anything goes.. Yes! After 12 hours of brutal nonstop mayhem, these majestic animals will finally be able to live free in their rightful home in the wild.. SeaWorld revealed the news in a post on their official Facebook page this morning: . At SeaWorld, we are dedicated to the wellbeing of our animals, but we're also dedicated to entertaining our guests with spectacular, high-octane performances starring the most powerful and deadly beasts of the sea.Those two competing values have led us to the decision to release all of our majestic aquatic animals into the ocean where they belong, but only after pitting them against one another in one final, glorious, shrieking shitshow of aquatic chaos in which only the strongest will survive. During this 12-hour orgy of dizzying violence, we will wring every last drop of lowbrow excitement out of our collection of marine life. . We're going to be doing some real Evel Knievel shit with sea turtles on motorcycles. We're going to replace all the saltwater in the tanks with booze and caffeine. Can a dolphin survive a harrowing gauntlet of hungry sharks, whirring blades, and pyrotechnics? Who cares! We're trying it. Did you know you can light water on fire if you put enough gas in it? Well, you can. And we're going to do that, too. And you know Grave Digger, the monster truck? Well, imagine that baby launching over a lineup of 10 orcas as fireworks explode in the sky above. From sunup to sundown, we are going all out today, baby! We're going to shave a bear and throw it in the fucking dolphin tank and claim it's a new species of dolphin. Fuck you. This is the last fucking day on Earth here at Sea World, and we are doing it big. We're gonna get a big pile of electric eels and have them electrocute a horse until it explodes. We're gonna have monkeys riding whales. We're gonna shoot penguins from cannons. Any man, woman, or child who feels up to it will be allowed to hop in the tank and fist fight a sea lion. It's gonna be insane, folks, and it's all happening today. Come see these wonderful, intelligent marine animals one more time before we let them off into the wild.. Wow!. Kudos to SeaWorld for finally committing to releasing their animals, and props to them, as well, for pulling out all the stops to delight their paying customers with one truly show-stopping animal battle royale for the ages. Here's hoping that the animals who make it out alive today go on to enjoy long and happy lives in the wild.,    For over 2,000 years, Christians have awaited the glorious day described in the Bible when the faithful ascend to Heaven, and it looks like that day has finally come ...sort of: God just raptured the arms of humanity's faithful but nothing else.  . Wow! Looks like He's breaking the rapture up into several trips--smart thinking!. Earlier today, hundreds of millions of Christians around the world loudly rejoiced as the skies parted above them to reveal a blinding white light, at which point their arms detached from their bodies and slowly floated up to the heavens at about two miles per hour. Believers everywhere--despite the unthinkable pain caused by having their arms pulled off--cried out in praise to the Lord Most High and futilely attempted to clap their hands out of muscle memory, eagerly welcoming Phase 1 of an apparently multi-part Second Coming, with God making the first of several trips down to mankind in a strategic effort to transport His followers to eternal paradise as efficiently as possible. . "Hark, all ye nations of man, for the rapture that has been prophesied shall now be accomplished!" bellowed an archangel from the clouds above in a voice like seven thunders, the sound of which caused many thousands of blasphemers and idolaters to combust in pillars of fire. "The hour has come for the King of Kings to retrieve the limbs of His servants whose names are carved in the Book of Life, as it would be too heavy to carry their whole persons up at once! The arms shall join the Almighty in His heavenly court for one thousand years of jubilee, and then more parts of His faithful shall ascend thereafter. ". While initially confused, many prominent theologians have now confirmed that today's extraordinary events are indeed consistent with how the Second Coming is foretold in the Bible, noting that scripture never explicitly specifies that Christians " earthly bodies would be raptured in whole and that certain translations of verses in the books of Revelation and 1 Thessalonians allude to disciples of the Messiah "scurrying every which way without hands to raise in exaltation," proclaiming "Hosanna unto He who had delivered a small portion of them from their earthly woes." One version even mentions "men with heads sprouting as wheat from their groins," which is believed to be a reference to those Christian amputees already lacking arms, who today saw their torsos raptured instead and were left with their necks sticking directly out of their pelvises.   . Incredible!. This is a truly glorious turn of events for Christians worldwide, although it's definitely a huge bummer for those on Earth who still have arms, as this signals that they are likely destined for eternal torture in the fires of Hell. Yikes!. How do . you . feel about the arms of God's elect being raptured? Are you excited or not-so-excited for the end times? Let us know in the comments!,    The day that President John F. Kennedy died is one of the darkest days in American history, but now, for the first time ever, a piece of history from that fateful day will be put on display for the public to see: the gun JFK shot himself with after his caption for a .  cartoon was rejected is coming to the Smithsonian.. Wow. What an incredible artifact from a tragic day that the nation will never forget.. Beginning next week, The Natural Museum of American History will be featuring the Smith & Wesson Model 36 revolver that JFK shot himself with upon learning that the . 's readers had not chosen his submission as the winning caption in the magazine's November 1963 Cartoon Caption Contest. As a part of the exhibit commemorating the late President's life, the Smithsonian will also feature the exact issue of the New Yorker that JFK read before he shot himself.. The exhibit will also feature the caption submitted by John F. Kennedy that earned him a spot as a finalist the week prior:. As seen in video footage from that tragic November day, as JFK rode beside his wife Jackie in the backseat of a Lincoln Continental convertible through the streets of Dallas, Texas, he started looking through the latest issue of the . . He flipped directly to the back of the magazine to the Cartoon Caption Contest page, where he discovered the news that would change the course of history forever. . Americans will never forget the look of total devastation in JFK's face as he saw that he hadn't won the contest and started repeating, "I just can't believe it. I just can't believe it." He threw the magazine down to the car's floor as his heartbreak deepened. "you've got to be kidding me. I've worked so hard to get here, but this is proof that I'm never going to be good enough for the . ." He buried his head in his hands.. Anyone who was in Dallas that day will remember the booming sounds of JFK's uncontrollable sobs and the agony in his voice as he screamed, "What's the point of it all? Of course mine didn't win. I'm a total fuck up. All I've ever wanted was to win the caption contest, and I can't even fucking do that right. I'm an embarrassment to everyone I know. What was I thinking? Obviously I Don't belong in the same magazine that publishes Dorothy Parker and J.D. Salinger. I Don't belong in the . . Hell, I Don't even belong on this Earth.". Although many sources report that Jackie tried calming the hyperventilating JFK down by reminding him that he had been a finalist, which is a lot farther than most people make it, there was no getting through to him. He unbuckled his seatbelt, lunged toward his Secret Service agent sitting in the driver's seat, and grabbed the gun from his holster. He held the revolver to his head as he yelled, "I "D RATHER BE DEAD THAN BE A RUNNER-UP IN THE CAPTION CONTEST," and pulled the trigger. .  Rest in peace, JFK.. Anyone interested in experiencing this solemn exhibit honoring the late President's untimely death should start planning their trip to Washington, D.C. ASAP, because this is definitely a once-in-a-lifetime exhibit that history buffs won't want to miss. ,    Brace yourself, because this is an incredibly sad story that will only become more depressing as time goes on: the kind of nice thing that this guy's friend just mindlessly said about him in passing is going to be a central pillar of his self-esteem for the rest of his life.. Yikes. It doesn't get much more pathetic than this.. Twenty-eight year old Josh Massey's friend Mike probably barely even notice that he just absentmindedly called Josh "a fun guy" during a casual conversation over beers, but sadly enough, that tossed-off comment is going to be one of the main things keeping Josh afloat emotionally for the remainder of his days. Josh's heart soared immediately upon hearing Mike's remark, and moments later he excitedly asked "Do you really think so?" to a confused Mike, who had already forgotten what he had just said. And unfortunately, Josh was on cloud nine for hours after leaving the bar at the end of the night, smiling to himself as he remembered that Mike had designated him as someone who's good to hang out with.. Good god. This guy was really starving for some positive attention, huh?. Despite the fact that Mike throws around the phrase "fun guy" pretty regularly to describe just about anybody, the statement has already made Josh's month, and will continue to buoy his self-esteem for years to come. You can be pretty sure that Josh will be making a note of it in his journal tonight, and it won't be long before the page he writes it on is wrinkled and worn from all the times he's looked back on it to remind himself of his worth. Years from now, going through a devastating breakup and feeling totally alone in the world, Josh will tell himself, "at least Mike thinks I'm fun," having no idea that Mike basically wasn't paying any attention to what he was saying when he let that comment slip. The statement will effectively become Josh's personal mantra in a way that Mike could not possibly have intended it to -- a truly heartbreaking state of affairs for all involved.. Yeah, this is pretty hard to watch. He was obviously just saying that to say it, dude.. You can bet good money that 20 years from now when Mike has forgotten who Josh even is, Josh will still be remembering the time Mike said that he was a fun guy, and that's about as sad a situation as we can imagine. It's probably a good thing that Josh will never know how little that comment meant to Mike -- because it will likely be one of the only things keeping Josh going from now on.,    Stedman Graham is famous for being Oprah's sexual plaything, but now something terrible has happened to his entire body: it got swallowed by a python. Yes, it cannot be denied, Stedman was just swallowed whole by a massive python and someone needs to tell his sweet Oprah (the girlfriend). Whoever tells the sweet Oprah about Stedman getting swallowed by a python is going to have to do it in a way that doesn't make the sweet Oprah even more upset. Can you respectfully and delicately inform Oprah that Stedman was swallowed whole by a python? Take this quiz to find out!,    Oh, Master! you're here! How wonderful! It is I, your humble servant Grundor! Thank you so much for clicking on my link, Master. Grundor has prepared a lovely quiz for you. A lovely quiz to determine which Marvel superhero you are, Master. Grundor hopes this quiz is pleasing to Master. If it is unsatisfactory, Master must PUNISH Grundor. Now Master will take Grundor's quiz to find our which Marvel character Master is., Can You Help Regis Philbin Emotionally Prepare For The First Sex Scene Of His Acting Career?. 5 Times Cobweb Lady Was Looking At You. Ladies And Gentlemen ...Let Us Introduce To The Stage ...Basketball Legend ...Michaaaeel ...Jooooord ....Burrrrg ...Cannnnn ....Dorrrrrb ...Looorb ....Clllonnnn!. Und Hungr "y Hogg Have Aten all Th " DVDs Een Aur Vellage Laster Nighten. Kann You Reminder Us Ov Wart Happen En Theese DVDs, Plase Goodest Educated Sir?. Not Fucking Worth It: The Insane Schedule And Diet This Blogger Says She Follows To Keep Her Mental Health In Check Sounds Way Worse Than Just Being Depressed. Absolutely Beautiful: ClickHole Has Returned From The Dead To Once Again Spew Viral Content All Over The Internet. 6 Times I've Been Sued Into Oblivion By Disney For Refusing To Shut Down My Business Where I Dress As Mickey Mouse And Eat Locusts In Front Of Children At Birthday Parties.       It's very normal to get bored of your neighbor, and when that happens it's time to make your neighbor move away to a different town. There are a lot of big expensive ways to make your neighbor want to move, but there are also many affordable ways to do it using nothing more than a simple crow that you can find flying around your neighborhood. . First, make the crow squawk and shriek all day and all night nonstop. Eventually your neighbor will come into your yard and ask you, "Why does your crow make such a squawk?" When your neighbor asks this, just tell him, "Oh, didn't you hear? Your entire house was built on top of his wife. The crow's wife is not a crow. She is a different animal. The crow is so sad because your whole house crushed his wife and so he will never stop squawking with grief." Your neighbor will think that if he ever wants to escape the sound of the crow screaming, he "ll need to switch houses and live in a different town. And just like that, you've made your neighbor move away using nothing but a solitary crow.. Once you've acquired your crow it's time to get to work. Get a human leg from your usual place, and train your crow to fly over to your neighbor's house and place the leg down in his mailbox. Your neighbor will look at the leg that just arrived in his mailbox and say, "Oh, shit! That's some of a guy." Then have the crow place a letter in your neighbor's mailbox that says, "Hello. I am the owner of the leg. A crow is delivering me piece by piece into your mailbox, and when the rest of my body arrives, I'm going to punch you in the ass." Your neighbor will realize he has to get out of his house before the rest of the guy's body parts arrive, or else he's going to get punched in the ass. He will move away as fast as he possibly can, and it's all thanks to just one crow.. Using academics, train your crow to fly through your neighbor's bedroom window at night carrying a conical dunce hat. While your neighbor slumbers, the crow will hover in the air above him and place the dunce cap on his head before flying away into the night. When your neighbor wakes, he will say, "Time to go to the bathroom and look at my head." When he looks in the bathroom mirror, he "ll see that there is a dunce cap upon him, and he "ll say, "Fuck and yikes. According to my new hat, I've become a dunce in the night." Within minutes you will receive a phone call from your neighbor and he "ll say, "Did you hear the bad news? I'm a dunce." And when you say, "That's a tough break, neighbor," your neighbor will say, "Yes. I need to switch houses to a place in the mountains where other idiots live." Your neighbor will move away and live in the mountains, and you will have made this happen using just one crow.. This one is so simple that even a fucking cow could do it. First, put your crow in a birdcage. Then, while your neighbor is at the store, sneak into his house and hang the crow's cage from the ceiling such that it is dangling in front of your neighbor's TV. Sometime in the next few days, you will get a phone call from your neighbor and he will say, "There's a crow in front of my television. It's blocking my view of all my shows. I've got to move." Within a week, your neighbor will be on his way to a new house that doesn't have a crow hanging in front of the TV.. One morning your neighbor will look out of his window and see a tennis shoe in his yard. He will think, . It's ...shoe. . Then he will go about his day. When he goes to sleep that night, the crow will swoop down and move the shoe an inch closer to your neighbor's front door. When your neighbor wakes the next day he will scream. Over the next several months your neighbor will have the horrifying experience of seeing the tennis shoe move an inch closer to his house every day. He won't know that the crow is responsible, and he will think that the shoe is coming to kill him or have sex with him or something. Your neighbor will have no choice but to flee his house and move to a different town before the shoe gets all the way to his front door, because he will think that when the tennis shoe makes it inside his house, something horrible will happen. And just like that, your neighbor will move away.. While your neighbor slumbers, simply sneak into his bathroom under the cover of darkness. Once you are in his bathroom, send his bathroom mirror into the abyss and replace it with a wallet-sized photograph of the crow. When your neighbor wakes up the next morning, he will say, "Time to go into the bathroom and look at my head," and he will go into the bathroom to look into the mirror. When he sees the face of the crow staring back at him he will say, "Oh, fuck and shit. I'm a crow. How could I let this happen?" Then he will call you up and say, "Bad news, neighbor. According to my bathroom mirror, I'm a crow now, so I need to move to the Amazon rainforest to live with the other crows." By the end of the day, your neighbor will be gone from his house, and it will all be because of one simple crow. Wonderful!,    A lot goes into making great art, and one of our most revered living filmmakers just showed us that even after a lifetime of practice, one must still go to extraordinary lengths to be at their best: Martin Scorsese has gone into hibernation to build up the energy he needs to make his next great film.. Sweet dreams, Martin! See you in October!. At 5 o'clock this morning, the iconic film director held an impromptu press conference in the road in front of his house to announce that he had just eaten a large meal of lunch meat and barbecue sauce to build up his fat reserves and would soon be entering his annual period of vegetative stasis for the next several months. . "I need to sleep so I can have energy to come up with more funny movies about mafia boys," the legendary director explained while urinating on the asphalt to "clear out [his] tubes for the big snooze." "Do not wake me up. I have booby-trapped my house with grenades and snakes to make sure no one comes near me. If you try to come near me, we will all die.". Scorsese then led the small crowd of paparazzi that had gathered in a recitation of the Lord's Prayer, after which he took off all his clothes except his black dress shoes and wandered back into his house to attend to final preparations, including climbing inside his refrigerator for several minutes to lower his body temperature for energy conservation purposes and shoving a Pepsi can up his anus to keep bugs from crawling in there while he's unconscious. Once ready, he flopped face-down on the floor and slithered underneath his living room couch, where he then nestled himself into a cozy bed of sticks, litter, and scraps of Hanukkah-themed wrapping paper he'd foraged to shelter himself during dormancy. Moments later, he began snoring intensely.. The 77-year-old director has hibernated every year since 1981, when he was so frightened by John Hinkley Jr.'s assassination attempt on President Reagan that he hid under his couch for seven months until he finally felt it was safe to come out. He found sleeping through spring and summer to be incredibly restorative and has since been an outspoken proponent of hibernation, despite the fact that he nearly dies from starvation every single time. Scorsese remains in hibernation each year until Halloween, when the constant racket of trick-or-treaters ringing the doorbell stirs him from his slumber and he emerges from underneath the couch looking gaunt and confused, typically weighing no more than 80 pounds due to extreme weight loss. . This is so cool! Martin Scorsese's hibernation is such a breathtaking process to witness!. It's a grueling process for a senior citizen to endure, but if 2019's stellar . The Irishman . is any indication, hibernation truly does seem to be keeping him at the top of his game. Here's hoping Scorsese can once again make it through a season of stasis without dying and that he wakes up on Halloween teeming with creative energy. Good luck, Martin!,    DING DONG DING DONG DING DONG!!!. You hear that, motherfuckers? The Meal Bell is tolling, and that can only mean one thing: . Get the fuck up from your desk, throw your computer on the floor, and hustle your ass over to wherever the hell there is awesome-tasting food. If anyone tries to stop you, Stone Cold Stunner their ass and keep moving, because it's lunchtime, bitch!!! Woo!!!. See some chips? Put that shit in your mouth! See a big, fat chicken parm sandwich? Put that shit in your mouth, too! See some salad? Fuck that noise, eat some different food, instead, because lunch is the time for TASTY. SHIT. ONLY!!!. NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM!!! (and that's the sound of LUNCH).. For the next 30 minutes, everything can fuck off except for lunch. Your work, your family, your faith--all of it can fuck off right to hell. The only thing that matters now is getting a fat-ass burrito or some shrimps or something and stuffing your mouth full of delicious taste. You Don't even have to chew! Just swallow that shit whole, who cares, IT "S LUNCH!!!. Pizza! Hamburgers! Ham sandwiches! Shawarma! Microwavable meal pouches from Trader Joe's! These are all examples of lunch, baby! And you get to eat your lunch RIGHT THE FUCK NOW!!! Isn't that amazing?!? What a beautiful fucking world! How lucky are we to get to do this shit every fucking day? Goddamn! . Lunch ...such a special fucking time. Be sure to savor that food, motherfuckers, for lunch only comes but once a day. Fuckin' savor it.. Bon appetit, bitches.,     , Life In Danger? Use ClickHole's Emergency Exit To Get To Safety!. Quench Your Thirst At ClickHole's Water Fountain!. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Our Computer Has Become Infested With Crickets And ClickHole Is Temporarily Going On Standby. I Have Invented A Cute Animal Mascot Named  "Genocide Camel " If Any Corporation Would Like To Use Him As The Face Of Their Company. Not So Wise After All: We Asked 12 Buddhist Monks To Give Their Best Guesses As To What  "ALF " Was All About, And They Really Fucking Missed The Mark. Kinda Taking A While: This Woman Is Clearly Still Scrolling To Find An Acceptable Picture Of The New Guy She's Dating To Show Her Friends. Heartbreaking: The Jim Henson Company Has Revealed That Jim Henson Was Only Dead For 10 Minutes Before Kermit The Frog Started Eating Him.       It's 9 a.m. on a Sunday and Ina Garten has barely managed to squeeze her wheelbarrow through the door of the East Hampton cafe where we've agreed to meet.. "I'm so glad you're here!" she calls out to me as she careens the wheelbarrow toward the back corner two-top where I'm seated, knocking over two waiters and a baby in a highchair in the process. "We're going to have a wonderful day!" . The wheelbarrow is parked beside us, and it's absolutely overflowing with oats. The beloved Food Network host can tell I'm staring at it, but before I get a chance to inquire, she's given me instructions.. "Could you take a look at the menu and tell me if they have Ina's Oats?". I scan the menu and come up empty. She smiles.. "These," she says, pointing to the wheelbarrow, "are Ina's Oats. It's a new breakfast recipe I'm working on--dry oats with cinnamon and freshly harvested honey from the honey bush in my backyard. When I'm developing a recipe, I eat it every day for two years. If I can do that without getting sick and dying, that means it's a good recipe.". Maybe that sounds like an impossibly high standard, but after more than 40 years in the culinary world, it's fair that Garten is striving only for perfection. The 72-year-old has had a remarkable tenure, beginning with her purchase of a specialty food store in Westhampton Beach in 1978.. "One day, I saw a billboard that read,  "NEW JOB FOR INA. " I thought,  "Well, I'm Ina, " so I called the telephone number on the sign, and the very next day I was the owner of my very own shop.". Garten had no formal culinary experience before owning the store. "I had to learn it all as I went: Mouthwash is not  "mint soup. " Humans Don't want to wear salt licks around their neck like a horse. Wearing a big chef hat doesn't automatically make you a chef, but it does make you tall enough to ride Space Mountain. A lot of mistakes were made, but I figured it all out eventually.". After 20 years with the store, it was time for Garten to move on. She placed a cardboard cutout of herself behind the counter to run the shop and began her new career: writing cookbooks and hosting a cooking show, all under the Barefoot Contessa name. But how exactly did she settle on the moniker?. "It's been my nickname since childhood," Garten explains. " "Barefoot Contessa " is Italian for  "Mrs. Foot. "". Although the oats have been within reach this whole time, Garten politely waits until my huevos rancheros have arrived to dig in. She then produces a ladle from her blouse and scoops out her first serving from the wheelbarrow.. "Mmmm," she croons. "Now this is just fabulous!" . When Garten says something is fabulous, she really means it. . Her eyes roll back into her head with pleasure, and she starts slamming her fists on her chest like a proud orangutan. The oats barely reach her mouth before the ladle is back in the barrow, scooping out another heap. Little bits of food are spraying all over the table as she chews with her mouth open and groans in oat-induced ecstasy.. My dish is pretty good, but it quite obviously pales in comparison to what Ina's eating. I'm now experiencing firsthand the exact feeling that happens when you watch her show: I'm totally jealous I'm not the one eating that.. A tennis ball-size bolus of chewed-up oats drops out of her mouth and leaves a wet smear on her signature chambray button-down. She grins through another ladleful. If only that had been on the menu, I think.. I follow Garten and her wheelbarrow out of the cafe and onto the tree-lined streets of East Hampton. We're off to buy groceries for the dinner party Garten's throwing later today. . "Tonight we're celebrating the re-opening of my friend Lyle's pottery mill. He's an excellent potter, but his shop has been closed for two years due to an unfortunate dybbuk box incident. Lyle tried everything to rid his shop of the demon: dry ice, a swarm of bees, dry ice . and . bees. But just when he thought he was going to have to give up, his rabbi came over and was able to lure the spirit into a Clarks shoebox with the help of an irresistible chunky leather sandal, so the coast is clear and the kilns are back in action! Lyle's even gone through the trouble to make some commemorative dinnerware that we're going to use during tonight's meal. It's going to be spectacular." . I ask her how she first met Lyle, but she simply shouts the word "friend!" and takes off down the street.. Despite her septuagenarian status, Garten's always on the move. Her days are tightly scheduled, and I realize I'll have to stay focused if I'm going to keep up. . I follow Garten, as well as the trail of leftover oats that are spilling out of the wheelbarrow by the pound, straight into an organic farmers market where Garten immediately begins digging through a box of arugula, occasionally throwing fistfuls of the greens down onto the asphalt. . It's clear that her years in the industry have fine-tuned her instincts. She assesses foods with lightning speed and precision, tossing them into the wheelbarrow if they're good to go, or directly to the ground if they're not up to par. Three pounds of raspberries into the barrow. Two raw chickens to the floor. She pays for nothing.. Tonight's menu consists of three Barefoot Contessa staples, all of which have appeared in Garten's best-selling cookbooks: Ina's Arugula Salad from . Barefoot Contessa: Food For Meals. , Ina's Roast Chicken (Ina Edition) from . Barefoot Contessa: One Really Good Recipe And Then A Bunch Of Cold Mayonnaise Salads.  and Ina's Raspberry Tart For Ina ... And Ina! from . Barefoot Contessa: Baptisms!. Garten breezes through the farmers market, and within minutes, we're walking toward her house with a wheelbarrow full of ingredients for tonight's meal.. "Thank goodness that's over with," Garten says. She sighs, almost like she's trying to shake the experience off of herself. I facetiously ask if she hates groceries, but she returns with a serious nod. "Of course I hate them. Groceries are food I haven't made taste good yet. They are the enemy.". We turn down the driveway toward Garten's stunning, palatial home. Her rustic, impeccably appointed shingle-style house is an impressive sight to behold, but the crown jewel of the property is the marble sculpture on the front lawn of Garten lifting her husband, Jeffrey, high over her head. . If the sculpture hadn't already been a dead giveaway that the home was Garten's, then the fact that I can see Jeffrey anxiously waiting in one of the windows definitely is. . When Jeffrey spots us, he runs to the door and flings it open, practically panting. They've only been apart for two hours, tops, but he's holding a sign that says "WELCOME INA," like he's a limousine driver picking her up at the airport after a long trip abroad.. "Jeffrey!" Garten cries out. . The couple begins running toward one another. It's incredibly sweet. It looks like they're moving in slow-motion, like the leads in a romantic movie, but it's more likely just the top speed for two people in their seventies. Ina lifts Jeffrey into the air and spins him around and around for several minutes. Jeffrey squeals. . As much as Ina Garten has made a name for herself, she's made a name for her husband, too. The couple first met while fighting for opposing sides during the Vietnam War, and according to Garten, it's been nothing but bliss since. Garten even immortalized their love in her 2016 cookbook, . Jeffrey's Romantic Cuisine: The Barefoot Contessa Guide To Being Madly In Love With Jeffrey. , wherein she features recipes like Ina's Sexual Mac And Cheese For Riling Up Jeffrey, Ina's Jeffrey's Favorite Marinara Sauce, and Ina's Triple-Salted Love Juice (Jeffrey's Special Private Kool-Aid).. Every Sunday, Jeffrey leaves Long Island to spend the week in Connecticut where he teaches a course at the Yale School of Management called "Introduction To Loving Your Wife, Ina." Though the couple would prefer to spend more time together, Garten shows me the system they've devised to make long-distance work.. "It's our special connection machine," she says as she pulls a tin can out of the wheelbarrow. She explains that a 100-mile long string connects her can to a can that Jeffrey brings with him to Hartford. Jeffrey proudly takes his can out of his briefcase and shows it to me. "During our days in the Mekong Delta, we'd use two clams connected by a reed!". A black Town Car pulls into the driveway. Jeffrey turns his "WELCOME INA" sign around, revealing that the other side of it reads, "HELLO CHAUFFEUR." Jeffrey holds it up to the driver's side window and the doors unlock. Before sliding into the backseat, he passionately licks his hand, then blows the kiss to his wife. . Garten catches it with both hands, raises her arms above her head, and shakes her hips from side to side. It's a goodbye gesture shown countless times on Garten's TV show, but watching it in person is deeply moving. . Through the tinted windows, I can faintly see Jeffrey sobbing and banging his forehead on the glass to get out. The car pulls out of the driveway, and Jeffrey's panicked shrieks remain audible as his driver takes him away. . Garten growls "I love you" into the tin can as its string whips past us, following after the car. A fat tear rolls down Garten's cheek. She wipes it away with her neckerchief then shouts, "Giddy up!" before taking off with her wheelbarrow across the lawn. . "It's my job as host to make everyone feel at home," Ina says as she assembles the raspberry tart. "So I always tell my guests, treat my house like it's yours. Put on my clothes. Nap in my bed. Go into the master bathroom and take the kind of explosive dump that you'd only do if you knew you were going to have the house to yourself for a while.". We're cooking in Garten's barn, a multi-purpose space that serves as her office, the set for her TV show, and an AirBnB she rents out to couples looking to role-play as her and Jeffrey for a weekend. . In the otherwise pristine kitchen, there's quite glaringly a pair of rollerblades on top of the counter. When I point them out to Garten, she gets an excited look in her eye and puts them on. Once standing, she tells me to spin her around. More curious than confused, I gently pull her in a circle.. "Faster!" she demands. "Faster!" . Admittedly, I'm afraid of injuring one of the most celebrated food stars in America. I Don't pick up the pace.. "MUSH, DOGGIE!" she yells. "MUSH!". I oblige. She builds a shocking amount of momentum. Garten really just might be good at everything.. "Weeeeeeeee!" she exclaims, throwing her arms in the air like she's on a rollercoaster. I have no idea what the hell we're doing. . Garten abruptly stops herself on the counter. She skates over to the wheelbarrow and takes out the one raw chicken from the farmers market she didn't throw on the ground. Still wearing the skates, she starts seasoning the chicken on a cutting board, quietly humming the 1-877-KARS-4-KIDS jingle as she goes.. "I create simple recipes that anyone should be able to make," Ina explains as she zooms toward a spice rack. "But I've gotten so good at cooking that I need to give myself a handicap to make sure a recipe is easy enough for non-Inas to make.". And as a non-Ina, Garten gives me the less challenging task of setting the table out on the patio. She hands me a big chef hat to wear while I do it, reminding me that though it could help me pass the height requirement for Kingda Ka, it's not going to suddenly imbue me with any of her cooking or hosting prowess. . Once outside, I turn on the bistro lights lining the perimeter of the party space and sink into a wicker recliner. It's a purple-pink sunset, and the last bits of golden light illuminate a row of shrubs, each one carefully trimmed into a different Jeffrey shape--Waving Jeffrey, Sunbathing Jeffrey, Disco Jeffrey, Sheriff Jeffrey. I've never seen love expressed so openly and sincerely between two people.. Suddenly, a kindly middle-aged man in a smock is standing across from me. I nearly yelp from surprise. How he made it across the entire yard without making a sound, I'm not sure. He stares at me, smiling, holding a wooden crate full of ceramics.. "I would shake your hand, but I'm holding this box," he says. "I'm Lyle. I'm so excited to reopen the store, and we're going to have a lovely time tonight!"  . He starts to set the table with his handmade plates. They're a deep forest green, and engraved into the center of each plate, there's a horrifying dybbuk being sucked ass-backwards into a shoebox. It should be tacky, but it's beautiful. . I return to the kitchen where I find Garten undoing her top. "Just changing into my evening attire," she tells me.. She unbuttons the shirt, revealing a second, identical chambray underneath it. She stuffs the original down the garbage disposal. I watch the whole thing in awe. . Garten takes the Ina's Roast Chicken out of the oven. "Thank goodness," she says, wafting the rich, herbaceous scent up to her nose. "It's finally not groceries anymore.". She takes a second, deeper inhale and is so overcome by the aroma that she's knocked to the floor.. "Mmmm," she moans from the tile. "I love the way birds smell.". She picks herself up and starts taking off the rollerblades. I tell her that I just met Lyle outside and ask who else I can expect to meet tonight, but she just bursts out laughing.. "I have no idea," she tells me. "Friends are the people who suddenly appear on your patio when it's dinnertime. Sometimes it's a gay florist from Montauk, other times it's Jennifer Garner. There's no way to know.". She grabs a tray of whiskey sours and opens the sliding glass door leading to the patio. "Let's find out who we've got today!". She quickly looks around, then turns to me. Frowning, she whispers, "It's not always a home run." Seamlessly, she regains her poise and steps out onto the patio with a warm, welcoming smile.. "Jonathan Van Ness!" she exclaims. "I'm so glad you're here!". The .  star is seated on the sofa, chatting energetically with two middle-aged women wearing caftans.. "Ina, so good to see you!" he says, rising to give Garten a hug. "You look stunning, henny! What's your secret to being so pretty?". "There's no secret! Just brown hair, chambray, and hospital socks!" Garten laughs. The rest of us laugh, and Jeffrey pops up behind the fence and laughs, too. It's hard not to be in good spirits when you're in the presence of the queen. . Garten tells me that the women in caftans own a slate company in Westhampton that specializes in cheese boards, but they recently had to shut down their shop.. "Dybbuk," one of the women explains to me. Jonathan Van Ness nods along. Apparently, this news is old hat for everyone else.. "But Rabbi Rabinowitz," the other woman says, gesturing to a yarmulke-wearing man on the lawn who's playing bocce ball, "successfully trapped it in a Dansko clog shoebox, and we're reopening next week!". "We "ll have to throw a party!" Garten insists. "I'll make Ina Garten's Ina's Linguine with Shrimp Scampi (Ina Style)!". "Oh my God," Jonathan Van Ness says. "Can I come?". Garten cracks up laughing and politely tells him no. . Garten disappears back into the kitchen while I take a lap around the party. Lyle, who appears to be taking advantage of Ina's request that he make himself feel at home, walks out onto the lawn wrapped in a terry cloth robe with "INA" embroidered on the breast, his hair wet from taking a bath.. Out of the corner of my eye, I once again see the unmistakable puff of curly white hair that could only belong to Jeffrey, this time sticking out from behind a statue of he and Ina embracing during the fall of Saigon. I hear what's either a bird call or the faint sobs of a lovesick Yale professor, but before I can investigate, I'm distracted by a loud crash coming from the barn.. "Fore!" Garten cries.. I turn to see that she's not only smashed her wheelbarrow through the sliding glass door, but she's somehow got it wedged in the doorframe. After a few pushes, she realizes it's stuck, shrugs, and gleefully climbs over it. She raises her arms above her head and shouts, "Dinnertime! Grab your custom plate and get in line for Ina's Food!". It occurs to me that the party is more about Ina than it is about Lyle, but even Lyle--who's now in Garten's shed using a leaf blower to dry his hair--doesn't seem to mind. . While Garten waits to dish out some servings with her trusty ladle, she sneaks a bite of the chicken. She loves it so much she begins gyrating and pulling out her hair until she loses control of her body and collapses into the wheelbarrow.. "Mmmmm!" she screams. It sounds like if a foghorn could orgasm. The chicken, I gather, must taste incredible. . "How easy was that?" she says, patting her stomach with satisfaction as Rabbi Rabinowitz helps her back onto her feet. "There's nothing better than the flavor of a dead bird!". While waiting for my dinner, I imagine myself as the kind of person who has a life like this, like Garten. Custom ceramics straight from a potter. Rollerblading around the kitchen. Serving dinner from a wheelbarrow. Eating oats from a wheelbarrow. . Owning.  a wheelbarrow. I'm at peace just thinking about it. . But that's not my world--it's Ina Garten's, and we all just wish we were living in it.,    Sometimes . Sesame Street . offers world-class educational programming that delights young audiences, and sometimes . Sesame Street . shows one of its most popular characters vivisecting himself to show off the contents of his body. Here are four times on . Sesame Street . when Elmo eagerly sliced his own belly open to show everyone he was full of batteries.. The first on-camera incidence of Elmo cutting open his stomach to reveal the loose batteries within occurred during an episode of.  Sesame Street.  from March of 1980. Cookie Monster and Big Bird were talking to the children about the importance of sharing toys, when Elmo crawled through Big Birds legs and announced, "I'm also here." Big Bird said, "Elmo, do you have something that you like to share?" Elmo looked at the children and said, "I do have something, I like to share, but it's not some worthless toy. The thing I want to share is the greatest treasure of all: information about my guts. Elmo's body is filled with loose batteries. double-A, triple-A, D batteries--basically every size and shape of battery imaginable. My guts are a big battery salad and now I will prove it to you!". Then Elmo reached into a burlap bag labeled "SUMMER MEMORIES" and pulled out a scalpel. He looked the children right in the eyes and sliced his belly open, and tons of batteries started tumbling out of his stomach and onto the ground.. "It's like I'm giving birth to a thousand babies that I Don't care about!" Elmo exclaimed as the avalanche of batteries cascaded out the gaping hole in his stomach. Cookie Monster screamed, "Free batteries!" and sprinted towards Elmo to start grabbing fistfuls of batteries out of his friend's body as fast as he could. When the kids saw Cookie Monster getting first dibs on all the free batteries, they stampeded over to Elmo's body to grab the batteries for themselves. The kids started scratching and hitting each other in an attempt to hog as many free batteries for themselves as they could. Within minutes, Elmo's body was just an empty red sock lying on the ground, and the children were running off the . Sesame Street.  set to show their parents all the free batteries they had gotten. All that was left of Elmo was his emptied-out body and a single triple-A battery that the kids had missed.. Later, after everyone had gone home, The Count walked by and saw the one battery lying on the ground. He pointed at the battering and shouted "Six!" before continuing on his way.. This episode from June of 1991 began with a sweet segment in which Big Bird was trying to help a sad little girl understand her parents " recent divorce. Big Bird was in the middle of telling the girl that her parents would always love her, even if they had decided to live apart, and that's when Elmo showed up holding a bag labeled "DIVORCE SOLUTIONS." Elmo reached into the bag and took out a scalpel. Then he turned to the girl and said, "Your parents would still be in love with each other if they knew Elmo was full of batteries." Then Elmo sliced his belly open and a big pile of batteries fell out. "Give your divorced parents some free batteries and it will make them want to kiss each other again," Elmo said as the girl shoved her hands into his abdomen and pulled out fistfuls of batteries. "When you bring these batteries home to your divorced mom and she asks,  "How much did you pay for these batteries? " you can say,  "I didn't pay anything for these batteries. I pulled them out of Elmo's body because this is what he has inside of him instead of bones. " Then your mother will say,  "These free batteries make me want to kiss your father beneath a waterfall. Our divorce is cancelled.'". When the girl had emptied Elmo's entire body of batteries and he was just a limp red sock on the ground, Big Bird asked the girl if he could take Elmo's empty body home to use as a towel. The girl said she didn't care, and then the segment ended.. In this deeply moving episode from March of 2002, Elmo walked onto the . Sesame Street.  set and found a little boy standing by himself crying. Elmo asked the boy, "Why do you sob like a cow?" and the boy replied, "Elmo, I'm sad because batteries only come from stores. That means I'll never find a battery in a beautiful secret place, like beneath a rock in a meadow, or inside a dog's mouth." Elmo said to the boy, "Everything you have said to me is wrong and makes you a pervert. Batteries Don't only come from stores, they also come from inside of Elmo. Elmo has batteries instead of bones and guts. Behold!" Then Elmo reached into a burlap sack labeled "TOOLS FOR COMFORTING CHILDREN" and pulled out a gigantic knife. He used the knife to slice himself open and batteries tumbled out of the incision like grain from an overstuffed silo. When the little boy saw this, he immediately began cheering and grabbing fistfuls of batteries.. "As you can see," Elmo explained to the boy as he lay down on the ground and let the batteries erupt from his open belly like a geyser, "batteries can also come from inside of friendly zoo animals like me. Remember, never be afraid to slice somebody open, because there's a small chance that they'll be full of batteries." The joyful boy nodded and ran away with his pockets stuffed with batteries. Elmo's emptied-out skin lay on the ground for a few minutes until Kermit the Frog walked by, saw Elmo's empty red body and said, "This is a napkin I brought from home. It's always belonged to me." Kermit picked up Elmo's empty body and the camera followed him as he walked into a building and used Elmo's body to clean up a puddle of a bright blue liquid that had a neon sign hanging over it reading, "KERMIT "S MESS." Then the entire episode ended 25 minutes early.. Elmo returned with more battery hijinks in this memorable episode from May of 2013. It started off with Big Bird singing a song about the letter G to a group of children but quickly took an unexpected turn. While Big Bird was singing, Grover drove up alongside the children in a lunar rover. "Big Bird, please cram your melody back inside your soul," Grover said. "Children, pile into this lunar rover and I will continue your education about the letter G." The children all climbed into Grover's lunar rover and he drove them to the desert, where there was a gigantic stone letter G towering hundreds of feet into the sky. Grover made the children get out of the lunar rover and then he drove away deeper into the desert, leaving the children stranded in the shadow of the massive letter G.. At that moment, Elmo stepped out from behind the letter G statue. "Thank you all for coming to my gigantic stone G," Elmo told the children. "You are here so that I can teach you something special about the letter G, and that's that I'm full of batteries instead of organs. Everyone can have as much as they want." Then Elmo reached into a bag labeled "DESERT SUPPLIES" and took out a scalpel. Elmo used the scalpel to slice open his belly and an avalanche of batteries spilled out of his body and onto the hot desert sand.. The kids started gathering around Elmo's sliced-open body, greedily stuffing their pockets with free batteries when Ernie came sprinting over the sand dunes and shouted, "Look at me! I'm full of batteries, too!" Ernie then took out a large knife and sliced open his belly and a huge mess of batteries tumbled out of him.. The kids started biting and slapping each other in an attempt to grab as many free batteries from Ernie and Elmo's guts as they could. In the midst of this chaos, Bert ran over the hill and shouted, "Look at me! I'm also full of batteries!" The kids watched as Bert sliced his stomach open, but instead of batteries, real human organs fell out of his puppet body. Bert fell to the ground in a pile of his own organs, where he laid motionless except for an occasional twitch. The kids stared at Bert's lifeless body and the pile of human organs that had just fallen out of him, but after a few moments they went back to stuffing their pockets with fistfuls of batteries so that they could learn about the letter G. It was a wonderful lesson that the children would never forget.,    Though millions of workers across the country are courageously working during the COVID-19 pandemic to provide life-sustaining services to their communities, one man seems tragically mistaken about his role in society: this man has been working for weeks under the impression that he's an essential worker.. Just heartbreaking. This poor guy obviously thinks he has a duty to be working right now, even though what he does for work is utterly pointless.. Although this man's job is completely nonessential, he has been working every single day throughout the entire pandemic, clearly operating under the mistaken assumption that he's providing a crucial service that people depend on. Seeing that his job is basically just filming himself talking about the news and singing wacky songs, it's strange that he doesn't realize how useless his efforts are to society at large, as no one in their right mind could ever construe what he does as important. Honestly, it's hard to imagine people appreciating his ridiculous antics even during normal times, let alone during one the greatest crises the world has ever experienced, and certainly no one would ever mistake him for a hero. It's as if he thinks that he's on the same level as a doctor or a grocery store worker, and that broadcasting Zoom calls with C-list celebrities is going to save lives or something. . Go figure!,    Get excited,  "90s kids, because here's some seriously awesome news about one of the greatest Nicktoons of all-time: The creators of . Rugrats . just revealed that they made the babies look that way to show what happens if you vaccinate your children.. Wow! This is such an amazing insight into one of the best Nicktoons ever!. In a statement released earlier today, Arlene Klasky and Gabor Csupo, the duo behind the wildly popular  "90s cartoon, confirmed that the show's baby characters were intentionally designed with disturbingly large, misshapen heads and much smaller, underdeveloped bodies in order to depict the grave consequences of subjecting kids to vaccines. Klasky and Csupo explained that details such as Chuckie's chronic sickliness and Phil and Lil's "severely autistic demeanor" were included in the show as a way of alerting parents to the dangers of going against God's plan and introducing toxic manmade inoculations into a child's body, noting that the babies only got into so many harrowing scrapes because the mercury in their influenza shots stunted development in the part of their brains that regulates high-risk behaviors.  . "Viewers always seemed to think of Tommy as a courageous character, but the sad reality is that harmful vaccines left him with the emotional intelligence of a pigeon, and, with essentially zero capacity to recognize danger, he honestly would've crawled smiling into a house fire if he got the chance," the statement read, adding that this was also the reason why he preferred to play with a screwdriver instead of normal toys. "Seeing these hydrocephalic, pigeon-toed infants eating dog food and having troubling hallucinations of the Reptar monster should've been deeply sobering for anyone who watched . Rugrats. , and our sole purpose in making the show was to help parents realize that vaccines are literally a form of biological warfare that we wage against our own children.". Fascinating!. For kids who grew up in the  "90s, these are some seriously exciting revelations, and in retrospect, . Rugrats ".  anti-vaxx themes should've been incredibly obvious all along. . And while there's still plenty of debate over whether vaccines are really as dangerous as the show's creators claim, it's hard not to look at Tommy Pickles--with his colossal, dented melon and alarmingly reckless behavior--and not think twice about innoculating your own kids. We "ll never watch .  the same way again!,    Here's a story about a woman whose whole world was turned upside down when she learned someone wasn't who they claimed to be: This woman just found out her husband of 20 years isn't really Mr. Smee. . Wow. What a devastating betrayal.. For 20 years, 52-year-old Rachel Fierston thought she had a fairytale marriage with the man of her dreams -- Captain Hook's trusted first mate, Mr. Smee. He would delight her with stories about his adventures sailing the Seven Seas with Captain Hook and his run-ins with Peter Pan in Neverland, but last month, everything capsized when Rachel made the shocking discovery that her husband wasn't Mr. Smee at all, but merely an imposter who had posed as Captain Hook's chubby, clumy sidekick in order to win Rachel's heart.. Rachel made the horrible discovery about her husband's true identity when she rented a boat for an afternoon to celebrate her husband's birthday. Rachel was sure that her husband would love spending the day sailing out on the water, showing off all the boating skills he had learned while sailing with Captain Hook and doing battle with the Lost Boys in Neverland. However, once they were on the ship, it became immediately clear that her husband had absolutely no idea how to sail the boat.. "The second we walked onto the ship, he started claiming he left his  "Pirate License " at home, and wouldn't be allowed to sail it," explained Rachel. "But he was panicking, and it was obvious that he just didn't know how to sail. I started to question him on it.  "Don't you spend every day out on the water with Captain Hook? "". Rachel reports that her husband grew increasingly anxious as she pressed him for answers, and after she asked, "Would Captain Hook even recognize you if we ran into him on the street?" he broke down into tears and revealed their whole marriage had been a sham: his real name was Bill DeMarco, and despite what his round pink nose, rotund belly, and little half-moon spectacles suggested, no, he was not really Mr. Smee. . Just heartbreaking. It must be so hard to have your life upended like this.. Rachel has since filed for divorce, but she admits that the split hasn't been easy. "The rug has been completely pulled out from under me," Rachel explained. "Every morning, he would pack up a knapsack full of ropes, swords, compasses -- all types of pirate stuff -- and head out for the day. I thought he was spending it aboard the Jolly Roger beside Captain Hook, but it turns out he was just at an accounting firm.". "I spent 20 years thinking I was in love with a man who was second in command to the world's greatest pirate, only to learn that he'd never even met him," Rachel lamented. "It just goes to show that even if someone wears a red cap and blue striped shirt like Mr. Smee and bumbles around like Mr. Smee, it still might not be the real Mr. Smee.". Just tragic. Here's hoping Rachel finds a new relationship full of honesty sometime soon!,    If you're looking for some stress reduction ideas or tips on how to boost your mood, you might want to look elsewhere, because what this lady has to say about it is honestly a complete disaster: the insane schedule and diet this blogger says she follows to keep her mental health in check sounds way worse than just being depressed.. Good God. This is no way for a person to live. It's better to just let your despair consume you.. Last night, blogger Anya Wayne posted a long Instagram update about what she has been doing the past year to help her recover from issues with depression and anxiety, and what she described sounds like the absolute bleakest existence of all time. Anya began the post by explaining that she was able to beat chronic feelings of panic and emptiness by making sure to get 8.5 hours of sleep per night on a consistent schedule--meaning that she wakes up at 7:30 each day, even on weekends. Apparently, she also only allows herself 15 minutes each afternoon to use the internet and check social media, ominously adding that it requires "constant effort" to maintain this routine which, quite frankly, sounds absolutely excruciating.. Yeah, this is a hard pass. We "ll take the depression over this bullshit any day.. As if the nightmare existence she had described wasn't bad enough already, Anya went on to explain that she has spent the past six months refraining from consuming any alcohol whatsoever, even when she's out at a bar, since it apparently affects her ability to cope with anxiety. Though Anya says she was at the end of her rope in terms of dealing with mental stress before making these lifestyle changes, it's difficult to believe that what she was going through was any more awful than the way she lives now, which involves "enjoying a seltzer at dinner to satisfy [my] cravings for a fun drink." . Sorry, Anya, but this is honestly way fucking sadder than just feeling bad all the time.. Anya went on to write that she also strictly avoids dairy and gluten and spends 30 minutes each day in silent meditation, as if that kind of exhausting, hellish lifestyle is any more appealing than just gritting your teeth through the pain of living with mental health issues. Perhaps worst of all, her "gratitude practice" involves writing a full letter to someone important in her life every single week--time that would almost definitely be better spent lying in bed all day, eating an entire family-size bag of chips, or falling asleep on the couch while watching HGTV.  According to Anya, food and social media binges increase the stress hormone cortisol, though she failed to point out that dealing with high cortisol is probably a lot more fun and manageable than living the life of some sort of ascetic monk day in and day out for the rest of your existence.. We appreciate that Anya was trying to use her platform to promote mental wellness, but her ideas are honestly terrible. You have to assume that anyone who adopts the habits Anya has will end up about a hundred times more depressed than they were before. If you're desperate for a mental health fix, maybe try it, but it seems like the cost on this one is really going to outweigh the benefit. Thanks, but no thanks, Anya.,    Ugh. Just ...Ugh. As if there wasn't already enough bleakness, uncertainty, and full-blown panic going on in the world today, things just took yet another turn for the worse. It is now foggy on top of everything else.. Fucking Christ. No two ways about it, the fog is here to decrease visibility, make things humid, and make outside look dreary.. There hasn't been much hope in the air lately, but no one expected a gut punch like it becoming foggy. Now, cars must drive slower, it is harder to see things in the distance, and it is less sunny. Dear God, what have we done to deserve fog at a time like this? Why are we being punished with this dreary air? Many of us were close to our breaking points as it was.. How can we carry on through all the madness and suffering in the world now that we've also got to deal with the fog?. No one knows for sure how long it will be foggy, but forecasts are saying at least a few hours, if not more. Humanity has dealt with fog before, but not at a time like this. It remains to be seen how well we can handle it, but hopefully is the resilience and spirit that has gotten us through wars, famine, plagues, and disasters will help us get through the fog.. Buckle up, folks. The fog is here.,    These animals are truly breathtaking in their splendor, but please Don't forget that they have never, ever accomplished anything that matters. They haven't even come close..  . This stunning woodland antelope is so amazingly regal  --  however, it's important to keep in mind that it has never been involved in, let alone completed, any sort of task or project ever in its life. The greater kudu, while gorgeous, pretty much just runs around and grazes all day every day, and it's not like it ever even improves at those things, either. We're not saying the greater kudu should be getting a graduate degree or anything, just that it could have taken the time to at least finish a puzzle or maybe learn a dance or something. Yes, it's visually striking, but that does nothing to change the fact that, resume-wise, it is not super impressive.. There's no sight quite like a bald eagle in flight, but the bird's incredible wingspan and soaring grace do little to distract from the harsh truth that it is pretty much good for nothing. You would think that since eagles have the incredible power of flight, they would have started doing something useful at some point, like maybe delivering some mail or dropping water balloons on kids at birthday parties. They haven't, though. They just fly around and scream for a few years and then die. Kind of lame.. It's no surprise that William Blake wrote an entire poem about the majesty of the tiger, because it is truly a work of art in animal form. The problem with tigers, though, is that their existence produces no value whatsoever. Sure, they can kill buffalo, but no one asked for that. It would be nice if, in addition to displaying incredible strength, grace, and beauty, this species would start in on an arts and crafts project of some kind, or maybe consider starting a small business. As it stands, they are beautiful, but ultimately useless cats that contribute nothing to society.. Real disappointment, the humpback whale. Yes, the way these unbelievably enormous mammals leap from the water is certainly a wonder to behold. Once you get past that, though, there's not a ton more to admire. They seem completely incapable of caring about most of the things that matter: reading, writing, cleaning, doing math. It's sort of sad how they're content to just swim around and then jump every so often. Get a life.. It's hard to take the hummingbird seriously sometimes, because as amazing as its delicate, efficient frame may be, it's wasting its entire existence on not doing anything. Hummingbirds will only be truly amazing animals when they figure out a way to use their incredibly fast wings to stir drinks or paint walls or something of that nature. Till then, hard pass -- they are pointless... Few animals are as genuinely gorgeous as the lynx, but unfortunately, most lynxes are just lazy and stupid. Like most of the other amazing wild creatures out there, the lynx has zero accomplishments to its name unless you count sleeping, eating, and shitting. Learn a fucking trade you stupid cat! Someone throw this animal in the garbage! It sucks!. What a creature! No arms, no legs, and still one of the most menacing, awe-inspiring members of the animal kingdom. That said, the king cobra sucks ass at just about everything besides slithering and biting stuff. Kind of makes you reevaluate its whole deal, doesn't it? It can't even talk. God, these animals are pretty sad!, Heartwarming: When This Boy Came Out To His Parents, They Told Him They Couldn't Care Less Who He Loves As Long As He Helps Them Clean Out The Fucking Garage. 6 Creatures Of Myth And Folklore That Are Squatting In My Garage Ranked By How Much Of Hassle They're Being. Hot Hot Hollywood: Glenn Close Is Exiting The Chateau Marmont With Richard Linklater And The Crypt Keeper On Each Arm And They Are Smugly Walking Into The Traffic Of Sunset Boulevard To Kill Themselves. Fascinating Trend: More And More Women Are Freezing Their Kids Until They're Ready To Raise Them. Trapping Small Game And More: 11 New Uses I Discovered For My Ass While Living As A Hermit In The Woods The Past 20 Years. Balls To The Wall: This Incredibly Graphic Bus Stop PSA Isn't Even Trying To Use A Euphemism To Describe Breast Self-Exams. 7 Off-The-Dome, Probably Unhelpful Ideas To Reform The Prison System Just To Get The Ball Rolling.       You may recall that fateful day when ClickHole, the most powerful website on the internet, abruptly went silent and stopped publishing for a long 1,000 years. There were many terrible problems that forced us into this millennium of silence: our only computer became hopelessly infested with crickets, a big dog started chasing us around, and a ruthless private equity company stripped us of most of our resources. . Today, however, we are delighted to inform you that after countless trials and tribulations, our thousand years of dormancy are finally over, and ClickHole has awakened from its long slumber. . Amazing!. Yes, it is true: Starting today, there will be new things to read on ClickHole.com. There will be new things to read tomorrow, and the day after that, and every day after that for all of eternity (excluding weekends). ClickHole will continue updating even after the sun lets out its final pathetic whimper and blinks out of existence. At the end of time, there will be nothing but God and ClickHole. And then there will only be ClickHole.. Here at ClickHole, we could not be more thrilled to once again be squirting hot viral trash all over your social media feeds. During our time away, our website has become absolutely SWOLLEN with fabulous garbage, and now we are ready to BURST and send that garbage flying all over the world wide web. There is no escape from ClickHole's deluge of viral content. Accept the flood and drown in it.. We know you must have some questions. Here are answers to some of them:. You might be wondering, "Will ClickHole be exactly the same as always, or will there be changes?" and the answer to that question is, "Thank you." We will still have many of the features you have come to expect, such as articles and shareable pictures with words on them. We will also continue to bring you the most revealing and eye-popping celebrity quotes with our popular "They Said What?!" posts. We will still be publishing life-changing blogs and Pulitzer-worthy long-form journalism. Everything that you like about ClickHole will stay the same, and if you didn't like ClickHole to begin with, then you will remain wretched and miserable.. There are also some exciting changes to look forward to! Starting today, the website is going to have quizzes again. We used to have quizzes, but then we had to stop making them because of a disaster. But now quizzes have returned, so if you were worried about not being able to know which character you were from whatever TV show, you are in luck! ClickHole will now use its state-of-the-art quiz technology to tell you which characters you are. If you do not take the quizzes, you will never know who you are.. We also have some important new safety features such as an . emergency exit.  for when you need to leave the website in a hurry, as well as a . water fountain.  for when you get thirsty.. In the near future, there will be even more beautiful things to do and see on the website. Clickventures, the long forgotten choose-your-own adventure stories that many people simply adored, will be making a glorious return with all sorts of brand new journeys for you to enjoy. Not today, but eventually. We "ll try to make them good. . We will also be adding new, beautiful things on ClickHole.com that are completely unlike anything the internet has ever seen. If these new features do not change your life, you can sue us.. The entire ClickHole archive can still be found on our new website! All the universally beloved classics and obscure cult favorites from bygone years have been preserved for your enjoyment.. That is the Lord Jesus Christ and his friend Lance, who is a pervert.. For the time being, all of ClickHole's videos can be found on our . YouTube channel. . You can even find the long-absent . Gatorade video.  there, which we had to take down for a while due to a BASELESS and SHAMEFUL lawsuit that we eventually resolved by paying a HEFTY SETTLEMENT. Our hope is that we will one day be able to resume making new wonderful videos for you to watch in the dark of your windowless, stink-filled hovels. When this day comes, we will call you on the telephone and let you know.. No. That's your mother's job.. ClickHole's world-famous treasure can be found . ..  ClickHole is proud to be the only website in the world with treasure.. No.. We will put a curse on you.. Yes, we agree. And thank . you.  for continuing to read ClickHole.com. We will try as hard as we can to make this a nice place to visit. We hope you have a pleasant time clicking around on the website today, and all the days of your life from now on.. Long live ClickHole!,    I am strong and brave and that is why I get sued all the time by everyone. One of the things that loves to sue me is the Walt Disney Corporation. The reason why they sue me is because I own a business where I dress up as Mickey Mouse and eat locusts in front of children at birthday parties. Disney says that this is a flagrant copyright violation, and whenever they find out that I've once again put on my Mickey Mouse costume to eat bugs in front of children for money, they sue me for everything I'm worth. Here are all the times this has happened.. My business started out so promising. Here is how it worked. When a child had a birthday party, I would put on my Mickey Mouse costume, stuff about 30,000 locusts into a garbage bag, and drive to the kid's house. I would knock on the door and all the kids would shout, "Mickey Mouse! Hooray!" or some such embarrassing bullshit. Then I would say, "Hi, everyone! I heard that someone here is turning eight years old, so Mickey Mouse is going to show you how he eats bugs off the floor!" Then I would dump the locusts on the floor and get on my hands and knees and start stuffing the locusts into my mouth. Since the Mickey Mouse mask didn't come with an opening, I cut a hole out of one of the eyes and began shoving the locusts through there. To the children, this looked like Mickey Mouse was shoving live locusts into his empty eye socket and then somehow loudly chewing them up somewhere inside his skull. The kids loved this, and they would dance around Mickey Mouse throwing flower petals on him as he crawled on the floor catching locusts and stuffing them into his eyes for sustenance (I made the parents pay for the flower petals). Unfortunately, the Walt Disney Corporation did not share the children's enthusiasm, and when they found out about it, they sued me for copyright infringement. The trial lasted five minutes, and I ended up owing Disney $30 million. Since I only had $63 in my bank account, I had to pay Disney in locusts.. But guess what, idiots! Locusts breed like crazy! They are the horniest bugs in God's filthy kingdom. So in a matter of months I had enough locusts to fill a garbage bag and restart my business. I put my Mickey Mouse costume back on and drove to the nearest birthday party (I found the location using the website AgingChildren.com, which tells you the location of all the children's birthday parties currently happening within 1,000 miles of your home so that you can bring them a present even if you do not know them). I showed up at the birthday party and all the children screamed idiotic nonsense like, "Yay Mickey Mouse!" and I said, "Happy birthday children! Who wants to see Mickey eat his lunch of bugs!" And all the kids said, "Me! Me!" (kids love to watch their favorite cartoon characters eat lunch). And so I dumped my bag of locusts onto the floor and crawled around on the ground eating as many of them as I could. A little girl asked me, "Mickey Mouse, where did you get all of those bugs," and I said to her, "Goofy gave them to me as a housewarming gift after I moved into your grandmother's tomb." When the Disney Corporation found out about this, they were not happy. They sued me for "falsely claiming that the copyrighted character Goofy bought locusts for Mickey Mouse." They sued me for $30 million, but the only thing I had in my bank account was a $200 gift certificate to a store that sells gym equipment that famous people died on while using. Since I couldn't pay the legal fees, the court ordered me to surrender all my locusts . and . my driver's license. Now I have sprint to all the kids " birthday parties in my Mickey Mouse costume, which makes me very out of breath. When the children ask me why I'm huffing and puffing, I tell them it's because I just came from injecting Donald Duck with steroids and he got so muscular that he scared me and made me run away.. The locusts fucked again, baby! In no time, they'd rapidly reproduced to the point where I once again had enough bugs to reopen my business. Based on the previous lawsuit, it seemed like Disney was mad that I had implied that Goofy was the person giving Mickey Mouse the locusts. So the next time a child asked me, "Mickey, where did you get all of those bugs?" instead of saying "Goofy gave me these locusts to eat," I said, "A talking dog with no name gave me these locusts to eat." The concept of a nameless talking dog scared some of the kids and they started to cry, so I tried to cheer them up by saying, "Don't cry, kids! Did you know that all of the locusts Mickey Mouse is eating are also named Mickey Mouse?" This just made the kids cry more, but the little troopers kept throwing flower petals onto Mickey Mouse while he ate his feast of locusts. Sadly, even though I didn't mention Goofy even once, Disney didn't care. They sued me anyway. Their legal team said I owed them $30 million for "falsely claiming that the copyrighted character Mickey Mouse receives insects from a nameless dog. If Mickey Mouse were to receive locusts from a dog, the dog would have a name." Since I didn't have any money, the court ordered me to surrender my AgingChildren.com Premium account, so now I have to use AgingChildren.com Basic to find out which kids are having birthdays in my area. AgingChildren.com Basic is worse than Premium because Premium shows you a GPS location of the aging child while Basic puts a cowbell around the aging kid's neck and makes you follow the sound of the clanging. It takes me a much longer time to find the birthday parties now, but I follow the sound of the bell and I always find the aging child, because I'm a professional locust-eating Mickey Mouse impersonator.. Since apparently nothing I said involving Goofy was making Disney happy, I thought that it might help me avoid getting sued in the future if I hid behind potted plants at birthday parties so that kids couldn't see me eating locusts as clearly. So I started doing this, and it seemed to be working well. Kids could hear the loud crunch of me chewing up locusts, but they couldn't see me behind the potted plants. To prove to them that I really was Mickey Mouse, every now and then I would remove my Mickey Mouse mask and hold it out from behind the plant so that the kids could see Mickey's head. Unfortunately, the sight of a pair of hands holding up Mickey Mouse's decapitated head from behind a potted plant didn't make the kids as excited as I thought it would, and a lot of them started to cry. I tried to cheer the kids up by shouting from behind the potted plant, "Don't worry, kids! This is Mickey's empty head, but Mickey's brain is in a different head, so he can still think about you!" This did not comfort the children. And it didn't seem to make Disney happy, either, as they once again sued me for $30 million, claiming I'd infringed on their intellectual property and made "slanderous claims about the location of Mickey Mouse's brain." Since I only had $32 million in my bank account at the time, this settlement wiped out the vast majority of my savings. Once again, the massive Walt Disney Corporation had crushed the dreams of the little man. All I wanted to do was eat locusts and make children happy--in that specific order--but Disney just wouldn't allow it.. Several days later I had an incredible realization: Disney kept suing me because Mickey Mouse is the famous mouse mascot of their company. But what if I created a version of Mickey Mouse that wasn't a mouse? Disney wouldn't have a legal leg to stand on! So the next time I showed up at a child's birthday party in my Mickey Mouse costume and all the kids screamed, "Yay! Mickey Mouse!" the first thing I said was, "Here's something interesting! They did a DNA test on me and I'm 62 percent skunk. I'm far more skunk than mouse. Mickey Mouse is mostly a skunk!" Then I dumped my trash bag of locusts on the ground, got down on all fours, and started eating the locusts off of the ground. The children were quite upset by the news that Mickey Mouse was mostly a skunk, and they all burst into tears while I continued to munch on my locusts. I tried to cheer the kids up by telling them,  "Don't worry, kids! Even though I'm mostly a skunk, I Don't spray stinky juice like most skunks! Instead, when I feel threatened, I cough up a pile of foul-smelling sand which I then stuff into my pockets because I think it's money!" Unfortunately, this only made the children cry harder. To add insult to injury, Disney sued me for $30 million for "making salacious claims about the biological origins of Mickey Mouse and falsely declaring Mickey Mouse to be more skunk than mouse." I'd run out of all my money by that point, so I once again had to pay my legal fees in locusts.. Since it was apparently illegal for me to claim that Mickey Mouse was the descendant of any particular kind of animal, I decided to alter his origin story to imply that he was not a biological creature at all. So the next time I arrived at a child's birthday party in my Mickey Mouse costume, I immediately said, "Hi, everyone! Mickey Mouse here with an important announcement: I was never born, and no animals are my family! I was born as a result of a mistake involving chemicals that Dr. Robert Oppenheimer made while he was working to develop the atomic bomb! They set off the first-ever atomic bomb in Los Alamos, New Mexico, and when the mushroom cloud dissipated, Mickey Mouse was standing there. Now it is time for me to eat locusts." The kids at the birthday party were mostly confused by this announcement. The birthday boy asked me, "Mickey, if you aren't a living animal, then why do you need to eat locusts?" And I replied, "I Don't . need.  to eat the locusts. I do it to keep busy." Another inquisitive little girl asked me, "Mickey, does this mean that there is a new Mickey Mouse every time an atomic bomb is detonated," and I replied, "Yes, of course. And when that happens, I travel to the site of the explosion, find the new Mickey Mouse, and strangle him to death." I had a nice time answering all of the children's questions about Festive Atomic Mickey Mouse. Unfortunately, Disney once again tracked me down and sued me for $30 million for "misrepresenting the origins of Mickey Mouse." Since I didn't have any money left, the court ruled that I was no longer permitted to wear my Mickey Mouse costume. This hasn't stopped me from performing as Mickey at children's birthday parties, though. Now I just open the window and throw the empty costume into the crowd of children and scream from outside, "Oh my God! Mickey Mouse is empty! His body is nothing but skin and the wind inside of it!" Sometimes this makes the children upset, and sometimes it makes them cheer and throw flower petals at the empty Mickey Mouse. It's basically a 50-50 split between children who are sad that Mickey Mouse is nothing but skin and children who are very happy about it. Either way, this is how I plan to make a living until the next time the Walt Disney Company chooses to invent some bullshit reason to sue me.,    Laaaaaaaadies and gentlemen! Basketball fans of all ages, especially the elderly! How's everyone doing tonight? I said HOW "S EVERYONE DOING TONIGHT?!? The main event will be starting here shortly, but first I'd like you all to give yourselves a biiiiiiiig round of applause and a little bit of a foot massage for coming out tonight! We're truly overjoyed to see such a great turnout, and we thank each and every one of you for joining us this evening for this special event. Now, without further adieu, let us introduce to the stage ...basketball legend ...Michaaaeel ...Jooooord ....burrrrg ...cannnnn ....dorrrrrb ...looorb ....clllonnnn!. Actually, hold on. Stop cheering. Shut up, everyone. Shut up. Before we bring you Mr. Mr. Mr. Jordburgcandorblorbclon, let's first take a moment to revisit some of his incredible achievements. . You know him for playing on such great teams as the Texas Dribblers and the Branson Ghouls while wearing his beautiful basketball suspenders and doing his legendary signature slam dunksters, but let's not forget all the other great things he's done. For example, did you know he once purchased a painting? That's right, one of the greatest players ever to roll down the basketball field owns a painting of a salad. Pretty cool, huh? And did you know he once played baseball as well? That's right! It was an accident, but still very impressive.. And while he's a man of many achievements, he's also a man with many hearts. You can't mention Mr. Mr. Mr. Jordburgcandorblorbclon without acknowledging how many hearts he has, and he's shown it time and time again through his charitable work, having dedicated countless hours over the years to delousing underprivileged men, women, and children with his trusty delousing fork. Thank you to Mr. Jordburgcandorblorbclon for all his generosity, and thank you to all those underprivileged individuals he's deloused for providing him with the protein-rich bugs he needs to have energy for all his dazzling slam dunksters.. Another thing to know about him is that he is tall! Isn't that something, folks?. We know you're all very excited for Mr. Mr. Mr. Jordburgcandorblorbclon to come out here, and you'll be pleased to know that he is here in the building, coiled up like a snake backstage, ready to prance out before you and talk about his new line of deck chairs while flashing his huge, toothy smile. He can hear all of your applause and laughter and even some of your coughs, so why Don't we let him know how excited we are to see him with a little chant? Repeat after me, folks: BASKET-BALL-IS-A-GREAT-SPORT-SECOND-ONLY-TO-FOOTBALL! BASKET-BALL-IS-A-GREAT-SPORT-SECOND-ONLY-TO-FOOTBALL! Perfect! Keep it going! Louder! BASKET-BALL-IS-A-GREAT-SPORT-SECOND-ONLY-TO-FOOTBALL! Now, let's hear you all chant the names of your favorite refreshments, because we're going to take a short break here so everyone can stock up on refreshments, such as soda or some pills. And while you're up getting your snacks and sweet treats, why not head over to Michael's merch booth and pick up his new CD or one of his incredible handmade wallets, made from deflated basketballs that he's found in roadside ditches over the years. All proceeds from the wallets go towards supplying diabetic middle-aged men with wallets. How wonderful is that?!?. The stage is set! Electricity is in the air! We've have been waiting with bated breath for this moment for days now, and it is finally here. So, without further adieu ...let us count to three to bring the man of the hour out on stage! . One!. Two!. Two!. Two!. Three!. Two!. Three!. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen, your hero and your god, Michaaaeel Jooooord ...burrrrg ...cannnnn ...dorrrrrb ...looorb ...clllonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!,    Afff! ov thar bebe en womban en mann en thess aur curss'ed vellage ded weepster tremendo thez morno wen ett was descover "d thart thar hungr "y Hogg hav gotten hez SNOWT ento aur librarbo der DVD en hev haff ATEN aul ov aur DVDs. Plase, Goodest Educated sir, reminder us por fargetful solls ov thar plutt ov theese DVDs preciosos!,
    One of the coolest things about Cobweb Lady is that she is often looking at you, even when you Don't know about it! Here are just five of the many, many times that Cobweb Lady was looking at you.. On the day you were born, Cobweb Lady was looking at you. Cobweb Lady was in the hallway outside your hospital room. She was not allowed to be there, but the doctors didn't know she was there because the doctors did not know how to see Cobweb Lady. Cobweb Lady saw you before your mother did. She was the first person to know what you looked like. Cobweb Lady had one eye on the hospital bed where you were born, and one eye on the plot of ground far away where you will one day be buried. Your mother held you in her arms and smiled at you. Then, from her hiding place in the hallway Cobweb Lady frowned, and so your mother also frowned, but she didn't know why. To this day your mother doesn't understand why she didn't blink once on the day you were born. This was just one of the many incredible times that Cobweb Lady was looking at you!. On the night of your 10th birthday, after you had gone to sleep, Cobweb Lady was looking at you. She stood against the wall opposite your bed and watched you sleep from across the room. It was dark, but that was fine because Cobweb Lady doesn't use light to see. Cobweb Lady had brought a gift for you. It was a photograph of you holding hands with a tall man whose face was a smile that went the wrong way! She was going to leave the photograph under your floorboards, but while you slept you had a dream that she didn't like, so she punished you by switching the you in the picture with the you in the bed. You didn't notice because you were asleep, but to this day, the person you used to be is holding hands with the tall man whose face is a smile that goes the wrong way! It was yet another awesome time that Cobweb Lady was looking at you on your birthday long ago!. Six days before you were born, Cobweb Lady made a perfect sculpture of you out of paraffin wax. It technically wasn't the real you, but it was identical to you in every single way. Cobweb Lady stood in the dark and looked at you. Even though it was dark, Cobweb Lady could see you perfectly, and even though it was cold, the wax sculpture of you slowly melted. Cobweb Lady watched without blinking while your wax figure melted and then she walked deeper into the dark. Six days later, your mother gave birth to you and Cobweb Lady was able to find you and look at you for real. Some of the teeth from the sculpture ended up in your mouth!. There's a night in your life that you Don't remember when you left your bed and walked into the forest. And guess what? Cobweb Lady was looking at you then! You made your way through the trees, bathed in moonlight that was coming from two directions, and Cobweb Lady looked at you the whole time! You stopped in front of three trees and knelt before each one, and a hand reached out of a hole in each tree and placed a coal-black fruit in your mouth like a priest administering a communion wafer. And Cobweb Lady was looking at you while you ate the coal-black fruit from all three hands at all three trees! Then she watched as your body and your shadow walked in different directions. One of Cobweb Lady's eyes followed you, and one of Cobweb Lady's eyes followed your shadow. Only Cobweb Lady was looking at you then, so only she knows how you found your way back home, but Cobweb Lady will never tell you because Cobweb Lady doesn't tell you things, she only looks at you. This was just one of the many wonderful times that Cobweb Lady was looking at you!. Cobweb Lady is looking at you right now! Her eyes are bigger than they've ever been, and even though she is looking at you from far away, she's never been closer to you! Physical distance has nothing to do with how close Cobweb Lady is to you. Knowing Cobweb Lady, she's going to keep looking at you until she's close enough to reach you. And then you'll be able to look at Cobweb Lady, too!,
    Regis Philbin is playing Dracula in a new movie called . Amelia Earhart Meets Dracula: Wings Of Love. . This movie is about how Amelia Earhart teaches Dracula to pilot a plane so that he can list "Airplane" as a skill on his resume when he applies for a job as a tour guide at the Statue of Liberty. In the movie, Dracula (played by Regis Phiblin) falls in love with his flight instructor Amelia Earhart (played by German Chancellor Angela Merkel), and in one scene Dracula and Amelia Earhart have sex with each other. Regis has never acted in a sex scene before and he's very nervous. He has only had sex one time (with his babysitter Rita when he was 50 and she was 62), and he kept his eyes closed the whole time, so he barely knows anything about sex at all. Can you help Regis Philbin emotionally prepare for the first sex scene of his acting career? Take this quiz to find out!,
 Going Rogue:  "The New Yorker " Has Announced That They're Going To Start Putting An Umlaut Over Every Letter  "O " And No One Can Stop Them. An Inequitable System: 90% Of People Appointed Car DJ Are Only Given The Job Because They're Sitting Shotgun. 5 Times He Come In Looking All Huge With His Jiggling Face And Spraying His STINK And Mess Around With Our Jewels And Our Snacks 5 TIMES HE DID THIS TO US With His Stink And Spraying His Fluids Onto The TV When We're Trying To Watch Commercials 5 Times. Body Positivity Win: This Thing Seems Overweight For Whatever The Hell It Is But It's Still Beautiful. Lapsed Amish Should Feel Free To Ease Themselves Into The Internet's Vast Wealth Of Content With This List Of 5 Simple, Easy-To-Grasp GIFs. Incredibly Tragic: Everyone At This Trivia Table Wrongly Assumes At Least One Of Their Friends Is Still Having Fun. What Was He Going For? Dr. Phil Wore A Fat Suit On Yesterday's Episode Of His Show But Just Sat There Without Addressing Any Body Positivity Stuff.       Check it out! ClickHole has its own water fountain now.. If you are thirsty, comment with "Slurp slurp slurp" to drink some water. If you're not thirsty, comment "I am not thirsty right now.",    This is ClickHole's emergency exit, which should be used in EMERGENCY SITUATIONS ONLY. Should you encounter an emergency on this website, such as a fire or nuclear war, please leave a comment saying "There is an emergency happening that could cause me to die," followed by a detailed description of the danger you're facing. Once you have alerted us to the nature of the problem, you may then leave the website through the emergency exit by clicking the following link:. CLICK TO UTILIZE EME. RG. ENCY.  EXIT. Upon clicking the link, you will be redirected away from ClickHole to a safe location.. The safety and wellbeing of our readers is our No. 1 priority. By observing the emergency exit procedures detailed above, we can all do our part to ensure that no ClickHole reader is ever tragically maimed or exploded while using this website.  . Thank you for complying.,
 Royal Thieves: Queen Elizabeth Says That Harry And Meghan Took All 50 Sets Of Her Dentures With Them When They Left Buckingham Palace. Major Disappointment: J.J. Abrams Has Revealed That Finn And Poe Are Both Gay, But Don't Really Vibe With Each Other Romantically. Incredibly Frustrating: A Watermark Has Appeared Over Mt. Rushmore. God, We're So Lonely: 5 Angela And Andy Moments That We'd Take As Couple Goals At This Point. 'I Can't Believe I'm Inside His Asshole ": This Doctor Is Giving Bruce Springsteen His Annual Prostate Exam Right Now And Trying To Play It Cool, But, C'mon, It's The Boss!. Life At A Website: ClickHole's Daily Routine. Heartbreaking: This Guy Has No Idea That He's So Strange And Memorable-Looking That Everyone From His Flight Is Using Him As A Landmark To Figure Out Which Baggage Claim Area Is Theirs.    Meh: This Woman Shared  "Real " Photos Of Her Post-Pregnancy Body To Start A Conversation About Imperfections, But We've Already Seen That A Bunch Of Times. Absolutely Heartwarming: This Stray Dog Was Living Sick And Abandoned Until This Incredible Family Took Her In And Regularly Put Rectal Suppositories Into Her Asshole To Relieve Her Chronic Constipation And Had Her Foul Anal Glands Expressed On A Weekly Basis Until She Was Healthy Again!. So Sexy! These 6 Frogs Don't Even Have To Be Princes In Disguise To Get A Little Tongue Action From Us. Fascinating: Historians Have Determined That If Mozart Had Lived 15 Seconds Longer, He Might Have Produced Up To Two More Nice Loud Piano Sounds. Fair And Balanced: 4 Ways In Which SpongeBob Is Sponge Goals And 4 Ways In Which He Is Not. Grow Up Guys: These Immature 6th-Grade Boys Start Laughing Every Time Their Sex Ed Teacher Talks About A Man's Pempler Going In A Woman's Vooguss. Making A Difference: For Every Hot Dog This Restaurant Sells, They Donate A Pair Of Glasses To A Hot Dog In Need.    Beyond The Obvious: 6 Other Social Networks Besides Trainfuckers you've Gotta Join If you're Sexually Attracted To Trains. A State Of Flow: Jimmy Buffett Has Been Up For 5 Straight Days Composing A Symphony About A Sangria Seuorita. Heartwarming: This Boy's Dying Wish Was For Mattress Firm Stores To Move Into 8 Vacant Retail Locations In His Town, And Mattress Firm Made It Happen. Major Miscalculation: This Couple Is Trying To Go Viral With A Video Of A Wedding Ceremony Between Their Baby And Their Puppy But It's Too Realistic And Everyone Hates It. Stolen Valor: This Man On Tinder Looking For A Pam To His Jim Has Never Sold A Ream Of Paper In His Life. Mad With Power: This Woman Just Commanded All Of Her Friends On Facebook To Recommend The Best Lunch Spot In Tampa Bay ASAP Like She's The Fucking Queen Of England. Who's Disgusting Now? This Hoarder Who Saved All Of His Fingernail Clippings And Urine For The Past 12 Years Just Won Kohl's  "Most Piss And Fingernails " Contest.    Who's Disgusting Now? This Hoarder Who Saved All Of His Fingernail Clippings And Urine For The Past 12 Years Just Won Kohl's  "Most Piss And Fingernails " Contest. The Innocence ...It Has Died: Miley Cyrus, The Child From Television, Has Revealed Her Nakedness ...And It Is Womanly. True Love: When This Woman's Husband Of 67 Years Passed Away, She Immediately Exploded And Died. Unshakable Determination In The Face Of Adversity: Mom Is Currently Telling The CVS Cashier A Fourth Phone Number To Try For A Discount Card.  "They Took All The Best Songs And Put Them On A Single Awesome CD! ": Pitchfork Has Awarded A Rare Perfect 10 Review To  "Now That's What I Call Music! Volume 71 ". Beautiful: When This Man Tweeted That He Was Thinking Of Committing Suicide, Thousands Of Strangers Replied To Tell Him The Preferred Term Is Now  "Dying By Suicide ". Behind The Scenes At ClickHole: Our World-Famous Holiday Party.    So Embarrassing: This Man's Grandma Called Him Right In The Middle Of A Date To Tell Him That Her Book,  "The Love Of A Good Woman, " Won The National Book Critics Circle Award In 1998. Behind The Scenes At ClickHole: How We Create Viral Content. We Got A Real Oddball On Our Hands Here: This 4-Year-Old Is Obsessed With  "The Borowitz Report " And Is Constantly Printing Out Articles To Hang Up On His Wall. Behind The Scenes At ClickHole: Our Daily Routine. 6 Cartoon Characters That Are So Hot That I Have Lain With Them. Relax, People: Yes, The Weird Kid Got Hot, But He's Still Weird. Unlikely Animal Friendship: This Badger And Owl Are Still Friends Even Though The Badger Had Sex With The Owl's Mate.    Gaining Ground: Cory Booker Is Having A Record-Breaking Fundraising Month After Offering Donors The Chance To Kick Him In The Groin. 5 People Who Didn't Become Famous Until After They Died And Their Corpse Was Used In A Dentyne Ice Commercial. Got Your Back: Spotify Has Announced That they'll Go Ahead And Put You In Private Mode As Soon As You Start Listening To Ed Sheeran. Heroic Kindness: When This Man Found A Pube On A Toilet Seat, He Would Not Rest Until He Returned It To Its Rightful Owner. Be Respectful: There's A Man Changing In The Middle Of This List Of Iconic  "Harry Potter " Movie Moments And We'd Appreciate If You Would Give Him Some Privacy. Shocking Effects Of Climate Change: The Elderly, Smiling Man Who Slowly Walks Around Your Neighborhood With His Arms Behind His Back All Year Round Is Wearing A Slightly Lighter Knit Sweater This Year. Animal Rights Win: KFC Has Announced That They Will Now Serve Their Chickens Alive.    Beautiful: This Incredible Artist Imagined What Gandhi Would Say If He Had Lived Long Enough To Own A Computer. Fascinating: Anthropologists Now Believe That Modern National Doughnut Day Celebrations Were Adapted From Early Pagan Doughnut Days. So Insensitive: This Woman's Boyfriend Didn't Even Notice She Got A Brand New Mule. Ooh La La, And Va-Va-Voom! This Sexy Lady Lights Up The Room!. Not Quite How It Works: This Funeral Home Has A Little Italian Chef Statue Out Front. Hell Yes! Sephora Is Offering A Promotion Where If You Spend Less Than $20 You Can Keep Your Dignity. Their Dorkiest Actor Friend's Time To Shine: This Couple Needs Someone to Officiate Their Secular Wedding.    Their Dorkiest Actor Friend's Time To Shine: This Couple Needs Someone to Officiate Their Secular Wedding. Possibly Illegal: The Man Performing This Baby's Circumcision Is Dressed Like A Pokemon. 5 Times On  "Sesame Street " Where Big Bird Incorrectly Explained To A Kid That Each Of The Pink Rings Around His Legs Represents 100 Years That He's Been Alive. Devastating: A New Study Shows That 60% Of Americans Don't Have Enough Savings To Cover An Unexpected Bridge Troll's Gold Coin Fee. How The Fuck Are We Supposed To Know What This Means? The Bathrooms At This Trendy Bar Are Designated By Images Of A Whale And A Bottle Of Glue. Did We Need To Know This?: The U.S. Forest Service Just Revealed That Smokey Bear Is Attracted To Both Female Bears And Human Women. The Most Rewarding Part Of My Career Is When Women Tell Me That My Work Inspired Them To Prioritize Their Sexual Pleasure And Have Their First Orgasm (by J.K. Simmons).    Major Disappointment: Last Night's Memorial Concert For Tom Petty Only Had Enough Money For A Hologram Of His Foot. Alarming: 9 Out Of 10 Americans Have No Plan In Place Should Someone On Their Basketball Team Ever Pass Them The Ball. 4 Times Mark Cuban Begrudgingly Offered A Contestant A Deal On  "Shark Tank " Because The Contestant's Sob Story Was About The Time He Hit Them With His Car. Body Positivity Win! Dove Just Released A Powerful New Ad Campaign Announcing That In Their Eyes Everyone Is Fat. Poor Guy: Dad Hasn't Stopped Crying Since He Found Out The Mother's Day Song He Wrote For Grandma In 2012 Wasn't One Of Pitchfork's Top 200 Songs Of The Decade. Major Step Backwards For Science: A Group Of Leading Biologists At Stanford Has Lost Their Big Notebook Full Of Elephant Facts. So Awesome: This Couple Cut Into Their Gender Reveal Cake And A Swarm Of Locusts Flew Out To Indicate Their Baby Will Be An Old Man Who Eats Them Immediately After Being Born.    Not Fooling Anyone: This Middle Schooler Who's Loudly Claiming He Already Lost His Virginity Obviously Doesn't Realize Everyone Can See His Chastity Belt. Ultimate Endurance Challenge: We're Doing 5 Laps Around This List Of Harry Styles Photos. Absolutely Adorable: This 4-Year-Old's Hero Is The Centaur That Comes Out Of The Woods To Eat His Family's Garbage. The Lawsuit Of The Century: Jimmy Carter Is Suing The Makers of Truck Nutz For Using His Likeness After Discovering Their Products Resemble His Testicles Exactly. 4 Times Oprah Winfrey Forgot To Arrange Prizes For Her Audience So She Just Gave Away Some Of Her Hair.  "Etienne Is NO MAN "S Fool ": Etienne Is Going Completely Apeshit On This Bakery's Cashier For Trying To Charge Him $4.50 For A Bear Claw. Clearly Fishing For Compliments: Bernie Sanders Just Posted A Sad Twitter Rant About How He Doesn't Think He's Cute Enough To Be President.    Streaming Wars Cooling Down: Netflix Is Trading Hulu  "The West Wing " In Exchange For A Bag Of Flour. Feminism FTW! Mattel Just Added Diotima Of Mantinea To Their  "Who The Fuck Were They--Women In History " Doll Collection. Whose Mouth Is This?. Unfair Advantage: Wealthy Families Are Paying Thousands Of Dollars To Have Men Chuck Apples At Their Kids " Heads If They Aren't Studying. Awesome: West Elm Has Released An Extremely Uncomfortable Pull-Out Couch So Friends Who Come Over Don't Get Any Ideas About Staying The Night. Remember Partygoer #4 From  "Dawson's Creek "?: 5 Bit Roles Osama Bin Laden Played Before 9/11 Made Him A Star. Yikes: A New Study Shows That Open-Plan Offices Decrease Productivity For All Employees Except For The Most Annoying Guy There.   
 Fascinating: The BBC Just Revealed That They Record David Attenborough's  "Planet Earth ". Narration In Advance And Then The Events He Describes Somehow Happen Months Later. Go Easy On Him: Your Son Is Embarrassed Enough As It Is After Getting Caught Practicing Kissing With The Dog. Latest Attack: The Islamic State Has Reluctantly Claimed Credit For A Crying Man Who Threw A Flip-Flop At The Presidential Motorcade, Missed, Then Shit His Pants. Aww: Animal Experts Are Saying Cats Really Do Miss Their Owners If That's What You Need To Hear. Lucky Break For Wendy's: A Woman Found A Dead Rat In Her Wendy's Fries And She's Absolutely Ecstatic About It. Legal Quandary: These Two Brothers Have Been Looking At Each Other's Penises Through Telescopes For 72 Straight Hours And The Police Can't Tell If It's Incest Or Not. Oh, Jesus: It Smells Like Something Got Into This List Of Harry Styles Pics And Died.    Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far When Mr. Snuffleupagus Got Killed By Poachers And Had His Tongue Ground Up And Made Into A Tea Which Successfully Treated Cookie Monster's Erectile Dysfunction?. 4 Episodes Of  "The Office " Where Michael Comes To The Office At 3 A.M. And Finds Phyllis And Stanley Filming An Al-Qaeda Training Video. Heartbreaking: This Centaur Has Been Standing On A Corner In Manhattan For Hours Trying To Give Someone A Quest, But Nobody Will Even Make Eye Contact With Him. Being As Clear As Possible: Audi Has Launched A New Ad Campaign To Clarify That Anyone Is Allowed To Buy And Drive An Audi, It Doesn't Have To Just Be Old Bald White Guys. Awesome! TGI Friday's Has Announced They Will Be Offering A Sip Of Beer On Their Kids " Menu As Long As Children Swear They Won't Tell Their Folks. Animal Rights Win! Someone Gave This Horse A Computer. 5 Professional Yet Polite Ways To Respond When Your Child Says They Love You.   
 Bold Move: Hulu Has Announced That They're Gonna Go Ahead And Reboot  "Shrill " While It's Still On Since You Idiots Will Watch Anything. Gun Control Fail: This Duck Found A Gun In A Bush And Is Now Pushing It Around The Park With Its Beak. Might As Well Forfeit: The Girls On The Other Volleyball Team All Have Matching French Braids. Now That's What We Like To See: When Jesus And Satan Both Tried To Lure This Toddler Into Their Minivans, The Toddler Chose To Get Into Jesus's Minivan. Heartbreaking: When This Man's Wife Gave Birth To A Baby That Looked Exactly Like Him, He Realized That She Had Been Having An Affair With His Twin Brother. Don't Click! Snakes!. Jeopardizing The Deal: This Man Keeps Excusing Himself From An Important Business Dinner So He Can Go To The Bathroom And Look At His  "Avengers " Underwear.    Jeopardizing The Deal: This Man Keeps Excusing Himself From An Important Business Dinner So He Can Go To The Bathroom And Look At His  "Avengers " Underwear. Ditch The Personal Trainer: 5 Pretty Bad Stretches You Can Do At Home. Heartwarming: Lionel Richie And Chewbacca Mom Have Buried The Hatchet After Realizing Life Is Short And They Don't Even Know Each Other. Incredible Devotion: This Tibetan Monk Remembers To Do His Meditation App Almost 5 Days A Week. Cool It: This High Schooler Is Really Milking The Fact That Her Birth Control Alarm Just Went Off In The Middle Of Class. More People Should Have Donated: Wikipedia Has Announced They Will Be Forced To Take Down Their Entry For  "Ostrich " Due To Lack Of Funding. So Annoying: Every Time This Man Visits Home His Family Hounds Him About When He's Going To Get Into An Ethically Non-Monogamous Relationship.   
 Way Too Fucking Soon: The Cast Of  "Angie Tribeca " Just Came Together For An Incredibly Emotional Reunion. 15 Episodes Of  "Seinfeld " When Jerry Dated A Woman With Man Hands. Could Go Either Way: The Kid Who Just Turned In His Test 30 Minutes Early Is Either A Genius Or An Absolute Dumbass. Piling On: Lysol Is Following Microsoft's Lead With A Series Of Ads Absolutely Dunking On MacBooks. Absolutely Heartbreaking: This Guy Who Just Got Laid Off Believes It's The Universe's Way Of Telling Him To Pursue His Dream. Woof, Just Brutal: The 10 Shittiest Shows On PBS. Dating Win! Netflix Has Added A New Date Night Feature That Puts Several Half-Watched Ken Burns Documentaries In Your  "Continue Watching " Section To Make You Seem Smart.    A Piece Of History: The Beautiful Velvet Ribbon That Made JFK's Head Fall Off When It Was Untied Is Coming To The Smithsonian. Heartbreaking: The Smiling Selfie Grandma Uploaded To Reddit Just Became The Most Downvoted Post In History. Fighting Impeachment: Trump Has Had Barron Bury Him Up To The Neck In The White House Lawn So That He Cannot Be Removed From Office. Something For The Foot Fetish Crowd: This Foot Wants To Have Sex With You!. Just Call The Whole Thing Off: The Instagram Post Announcing This Couple's Engagement Only Has 16 Likes And A Spam Comment. Dodged A Bullet: Grandma Is Going In For A Surgery This Week But It's Not A Serious One So You Don't Have To Call Her Or Visit Her Or Anything Like That. No Other Options: The Writers Of  "The Simpsons " Have Announced That They Have Exhausted All Other Character Story Combinations And Must Resort To A Romantic Relationship Between Homer And Bart.    No Other Options: The Writers Of  "The Simpsons " Have Announced That They Have Exhausted All Other Character Story Combinations And Must Resort To A Romantic Relationship Between Homer And Bart. Extremely Embarrassing: This Woman's  "Crazy Frog " Ringtone Keeps Going Off In The Middle Of Her Own Funeral. Cue The Eye Roll: This School Banned  "Harry Potter " Just Because It Taught A Kid A Spell He Used To Turn His Teacher Into A Pig. Completing The Tribute: The U.S. Government Has Finally Finished Constructing The 30-Foot Barber That's Cutting Lincoln's Hair In The Lincoln Memorial. Awesome: Home Depot Is Now Selling An Incredibly Weak Pepper Spray You Can Use On People Who Are Annoying But Not Dangerous. Stunning Intelligence: For The First Time Ever, Scientists Have Observed A Chimpanzee Blow Up A Human Child With Its Mind. Not As Heartwarming As It Could Have Been: Anthony Hopkins Just Showed Up At This High School 8 Months Early To Ask A Girl With A Temporary Neck Brace To Prom.    Major Security Crisis: The Rooster That's Loose In The White House Is No Longer Afraid Of The Jack-O "-Lantern President Trump Put Outside The Oval Office To Scare It Away. Okay, Ladies, Now Let's Get In Formation: 5 Ridiculously Fun Bachelorette Party Destinations Where You Can Lap Up Gallons Of Cola And Rip Ass With Your Best Gals. Disgusting Freak: This Man Has An Entire Room In His House Dedicated To Urinating And Defecating. 4 Times On  "Friends " When They Really Made The Laughing Launch Out Of Our Mouths. Extremely Unhelpful: This Poster For A Missing Child Features Nothing But A Close-Up Photo Of The Kid's Eyeball. Obvious Nepotism: This 5-Year-Old Boy Was Just Appointed Grocery Shopping Helper By His Own Parents. Bold Strategy: Gatorade's New Ad Campaign Pushes The Notion That Dumping Gatorade On People Is Something You Should Do When you're Sad, Too.   
 Corporate Disaster: The CEO Of Trojan Held A Press Conference With His 300 Children To Issue An Urgent Recall On All Trojan Condoms. A Beautiful Tribute: This Woman Is Using An American Flag-Themed Disposable Napkin In Honor Of Her Country. Major Setback: NASA Has Cancelled Plans To Go To Mars Because They Can't Find Anything Cute To Wear. We Did Not Have The Time To Reimagine Kermit The Frog. Here He Is Normal.. 4 Icy Hot Commercials Where It Was Extremely Clear Shaq Thought Icy Hot Was Dog Repellent. Hopefully This Article Where We Call Desmond Tutu  "The Ultimate Bimbo " Offends Enough People To Get Us Some Valuable Hate Clicks. Mad With Power: The Drama Teacher Is Making Everybody Come In On A Saturday To Paint A Shitty Looking Wall That Says  "STORE " For The  "Hello, Dolly! " Backdrop.    Not Very Scary, Honestly: This Little Girl Is Possessed By The Spirit Of A Normal Guy. Whoa, Is That The Same Guy? This History Teacher Got Crazy Hot Over The Summer After Finally Going Through Puberty. 5 Risky Teenage Behaviors That Would Honestly Be A Way Better Use Of Your Kid's Time Than Joining Color Guard. Behold: The Children Of Others. Following His Heart: Nick Jonas Fell In Love With The Horny Old Lady Who Bid On A Date With Him At A Charity Auction And Now He Is Leaving His Wife. So Annoying: This Woman Who's Doing All The Steps Wrong In A Zumba Class Is Really Getting In The Way But She's Too Elderly For The Teacher To Do Anything About It. Fascinating: The CEO Of McDonald's Has Revealed That Grimace Is The Larval Stage Of Ronald McDonald.    Baffling: This Woman's 6-Paragraph Facebook Post About Gratitude Accompanying A Professional Headshot Of Her In A Cornfield Doesn't Seem To Have Any Kind Of Big Announcement In It. Lean In, Queen! Her Husband Told Her The Only Room Off Limits In His Accursed Estate Was His Private Study, But She Went In Anyway And Totally Owned Her Horrible Fate. Incredible Discovery: Oxford Researchers Have Determined That King Tut Would Have Been Their Best Friend. The 6 Best Things About Being In Hell Forever. Torn Apart By Grief: This Couple Was Unable To Save Their Marriage After The Death Of Verne Troyer. Solace In Grief: When This Man Died, His Family Took Comfort In The Fact That His Rib Cage Would Be Donated To A Donkey To Wear As A Hat. Disturbing Teen Trend: Adolescents Across The Country Are Getting Together WEEKLY to Worship A Dead Man Named Jesus Christ.    Disturbing Teen Trend: Adolescents Across The Country Are Getting Together WEEKLY to Worship A Dead Man Named Jesus Christ. Passing The Torch: The Jim Henson Company Has Announced That Steph Curry Will Replace The Late George H.W. Bush As The Voice Of The Swedish Chef. Bold Strategy: PAM Is Now Marketing Its Cooking Spray As Bug Spray Too Since You Gotta Figure That Anything You Spray At A Bug For A Few Seconds Should Kill It. Celebrating An Icon: President Trump Has Invited Joe Camel To The White House In Honor Of Being The Coolest Camel He Has Ever Heard Of. Inspiring: This Man Just Became The Oldest Person Ever To Date Melissa. Best Dad Ever: This Dad Is Judd Apatow!. Dangers Of Dieting Culture: This Man Looked Better Fat.    UPDATED ALERT: Okay, Got Her Back. She Was Just Buying A Pepsi. Just Forget It, We're All Good Now.. UPDATED ALERT: Hold On, She's Gone Again. We Looked Away For One Second And Now She's Gone.. ALERT: This 16-Year-Old Girl Is Believed To Be Missing, Please Be On The Lookout For A--Oh Wait, She's Right Here, Nevermind. Devastating: Connor Called His Father  "Obtuse " A Week Ago And His Old Man Appears To Be Completely Unmade. Not Sure What's Going On Here, But Okay: Here's Some Germans Being Weird In Those Little Outfits. What The Fuck? It's 2 p.m. Already. Body Positivity Win: Dad Is Changing Out Of His Swimsuit In The Beach Parking Lot With His Bare Ass In Plain View Of Everyone.   
 Nature's Perfect Design: Scientists Believe That Studying Woodpeckers Could Totally Revolutionize The Way We Bash Trees Apart With Our Heads To Find Bugs.  "Just Look At It, There's No Way That's Healthy ": The American Medical Association Has Announced That Our Bodies Definitely Shouldn't Be Producing Feces. 5 Wars That Would Have Been Much Funnier If Nobody Had Died. Incredibly Sad: This Man Eats Enough Auntie Anne's To Warrant Using Their App. Chilling: This New Anti-Smoking Campaign Demonstrates The Horrific Effects Of Having To Make Small Talk With A Coworker By The Dumpster. Coming Clean: The French Government Has Admitted That The Eiffel Tower Is Meant To Be A Statue Of An Elephant But It Sucks.  "Please, Let It Die ": The Creators Of  "Stranger Things " Are Preemptively Begging Fans Not To Do A Viral Campaign To Save The Show When It Gets Canceled.    Epic Facepalm: This Man Is Completely Regretting His  "Mom " Tattoo After He And His Mom Stopped Dating. 7 Swans Scientists Should Turn Into Worms. Efficiency Win! All The Major Fried Chicken Chains Have Collectively Agreed To Start Selling Fried Pelican Instead Of Chicken Because They Can Just Find Pelicans For Free Outside. Relationship Goals: John Legend And Chrissy Teigen Have Both Had Their Consciousness Uploaded Into The Same Smart Fridge. Efficiency Win! The Dalai Lama Has Announced That His Dentist's 30-Year-Old Son Is The Reincarnation of Him And Should Just Take Over As Dalai Lama After He Dies. An  "Access Hollywood " Tape Of His Own: A Decade-Old Recording Just Leaked Of Bernie Sanders Telling Billy Bush That He Hates Sexual Intercourse Because There Are Too Many Odors. What A Relief! The Only Thing That Matters Is Love!.   
 What A Relief! The Only Thing That Matters Is Love!. Damning Report: Mom's Investigation Into Why This Restaurant Keeps The AC Up So High Has Concluded That It's Because They Want Their Customers To Freeze. Devastating Disappointment: This Grandma Just Joined Facebook But Weirdly Seems To Know What She's Doing So It's Not Funny In The Least. Embarrassing: This Woman Thinks The Chinese Characters She Has Tattooed On Her Back Mean  "Slut Of All Hamburgers " But They Actually Mean  "Quiet Wisdom ". Such Is Life: Three Spaghetti Fails ... And Two Spaghetti Wins!. Incredible Breakthrough: Researchers At The Mayo Clinic Have Successfully Switched A Man With A Moose. Inclusivity Win! This White Girl Vacationing With Her Friends In The Caribbean Just Posted A Group Photo Featuring A Local Resort Employee With The Caption  "Our New Friend Lol ".   
 Not Fooling Anyone: This Man Clearly Used To Be A Pizza Hut. She's Had Too Many Chances: 6 Reasons Why We Shouldn't Give Grandma Her Whistle Back. Good For Him! This Man Is Getting More Joy From Pushing A Big Air Bubble Out Of His Swim Trunks Than He Has From Anything Else In Years. Every Parent's Dream: This Moon Bounce Is Just Kids, No Pedophiles!. So Sweet! These 7,000 Ants Are Best Friends!. Get Excited, Children! It Is Cigarettes!. Nature Is Incredible: This Suicidal Octopus Species Can Perfectly Camouflage Itself As A Hamburger To Get Predators To Eat It Faster.   
 Origin Of A Billionaire: Jeff Bezos Just Revealed He Got The Idea For Amazon After Watching A Robot Give A Man A Box Of Condoms. Neither The Time Nor Place: This Girl Wrote That She And Her Boyfriend Have Had Their Ups And Downs In The Caption Of The Instagram She Posted For His Birthday. On The Right Side Of History: Dad Just Slammed Michael Jackson For Being  "A Sicko " Pretty Much Unprompted. 5 Reasons Why It Would Be A Mistake For The Democrats To Nominate Jason Voorhees In 2020. Inclusivity Win! This 6-Year-Old Boy's Imaginary Friend Is A 55-Year-Old Japanese Woman!. Good For Him: Yo-Yo Ma Has Announced He Is Going To Start Taking His Shirt Off At Concerts Like Rappers Do Sometimes. 5 Beautiful Hot Dog Fantasies You Can Lose Yourself In To Escape The Misery Of Your Everyday Life.   
 Cheer Up, Idiot: Mom's Complaining About Her Appearance Even Though She Already Snagged Dad And Basically Has Everything She Could Want In Life. No, Taylor, What Are You Doing?!? Taylor Swift Has Made Casey Anthony An Official Member Of Her Girl Gang. Awesome: This Enormous, Muscular Man Has Dedicated His Life To Touring The Country Warning Middle Schoolers About The Dangers Of Messing With Him. Clarifying The Rumors: Marilyn Manson Has Revealed That He Actually Got ALL His Ribs Removed In Order To Suck SOMEONE ELSE'S Penis. Incredible Evolutionary Adaptation: This Butterfly Can Make Itself Look Like It's On The Phone So Predators Will Think It's Too Busy To Be Eaten. Incredible Heroism: This Would-Be School Shooter Wasn't Able To Get To The Gun He Brought To School Because Two Goth Kids Were Making Out In Front Of His Locker All Day. 7 Chic And Easy Hairstyles For The Hair You Found.    How Long Do You Think Shitting Takes? This Girl Just Brought 3 Books And A Tablet With Her Into The Bathroom To Poop. Ruthless Recruitment Tactics: ISIS Is Offering New Members A Free Canvas Tote Bag When They Join For A Year. Damn: The Kid From  "Smart House " Got Hot But Now He's Not Hot Again, You Just Missed The Window. Hot Hot Hollywood: JoJo Siwa And Ken Bone Have Agreed That If They're Still Single In 300 Years They Will Both Marry Martin Short. Feminism Disaster: This Gorilla At The Zoo Clearly Has, Like, Six Wives. Clearing Things Up: KISS Has Announced That All Of Their Sex Songs Are About Having Sex With Human Women Even Though They're Dressed Up As Demons And Aliens And A Cat. Kid Can't Catch A Break: This 8-Year-Old Who Tragically Died Young Has Reincarnated As His Grandma's Toilet.   
 Unlikely Animal Friendship! This 55-Year-Old Man Is Dating A 23-Year-Old Woman. Anyone's Game: These Middle School Talent Show Judges Can't Decide Which Of The Fat-Kid-And-Janitor Duos Who Tap-Danced  "You've Got A Friend In Me " Should Win First Place. The Master At Her Canvas: Mom Just Brought In A Pretty Average-Looking Rock From The Woods That She Says She Will Use In A  "Project ". 7 Things I Do Every Day Before 9 A.M., Though You Should Know I'm Not Particularly Successful, Pretty Much Just A Regular Joe. 5 Episodes Of  "Diners, Drive-Ins And Dives " Where Guy Fieri Clearly Just Stopped Into The Restaurant Because He Desperately Needed To Use The Bathroom. The Creators Of  "Blackfish " Are Releasing A New Documentary About How, On Second Thought, SeaWorld Doesn't Make Sense Without Whales. Sad: This Kid's Pinewood Derby Car Was Made Entirely By His Dad And It Still Sucks.    Sorry, We Couldn't Find Anything Good: 7 Absolutely Dogshit Facts About Robin Williams. Heartbreaking: Tom DeLonge Posted A 4-Hour Video Of Himself Getting A Prostate Exam From Aliens But Everyone Ignored It Because He's Been So Annoying With Alien Stuff For So Long It Doesn't Really Stick. An Important Message: This Man With A Top Hat And Twisty Mustache Is Visiting Schools Warning Students About The Dangers Of Piloting Hot Air Balloons Under The Influence Of Dr. Fixit's Vigor-Inducing Delousing Tonic And Quaffable Cure-All. Shameful: Salman Rushdie Used His Blurb For This Young Author's Debut Novel To Advertise A Speedboat He's Trying To Sell. Farewell To A Legend: Steve Harvey Has Rocketed Through The Roof Of His Studio In Shock After A Guest Told Him She Doesn't Make Her Kids Do Chores. The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That Ron Eventually Loses His Job For Calling Busy Philipps A Mudblood On Twitter. Heartbreaking: This Man Finally Caught A T-Shirt From The T-Shirt Gun After 26 Years Of Trying But It Had A Picture Of His Wife Having Sex With The T-Shirt Gun Guy.    4 Things Dustin Said About You ...Just Thought You Should Know .... Heartbreaking: This Incel Got Plastic Surgery To Look Exactly Like Austin Powers But Still Can't Find Women Willing To Sleep With Him. Important Policy Change: The Philadelphia Phillies Have Announced That The Phillie Phanatic Will Now Crawl Around On All Fours Like The Beast He Is. Finally Some Good News: Scientists Have Concluded That Climate Change Will Not Affect The Size Of This Kid's Fascinatingly Humongous Head. Heartbreaking: Ellen DeGeneres Is Trying To Give Away $500,000 To Every Fan Who Comments  "Amen' On A Poorly Spelled Facebook Post, But Everyone Thinks It's A Scam. TV Fans Rejoice! The Cast Of Friends Reunited To Form A Giant Mech Suit To Battle A Colossal Lizard Attacking L.A.. Beautiful: When This Man Was Having Diarrhea, All His Coworkers Gathered In The Bathroom To Shout About How Incredible It Smelled So He Wouldn't Be Embarrassed.    It's Officially Summer! Someone Put Grandma Out On The Deck. Actually Way Worse Than The Alternative: This Teen Is Going Through Puberty With Incredible Confidence. We Were Paid Way Too Much Money By The National Bread Council To Post These 5 Pics Of Rye Bread. Awkward: Jeb Bush Just Showed Up To Richard Branson's Private Island In His Swim Trunks And Asked If He Could Hang Out With Him Like Barack Obama Did. Twitter Rant: Harry Styles Is Tweeting That He Wants One Of His Songs To Have A Parentheses At The End Of It Like  "(Original Song From DreamWorks Animation's . ) " But Doesn't Know How To Get It That Way. A Reunion In The Works? Robert Plant And Jimmy Page Were Spotted At Guitar Center Buying A Led Zeppelin Tablature Book. Inspiring: David Attenborough Just Told A Class Of Second-Graders That Any Of Them Could Grow Up To Stare At Animals And Describe What They're Doing.    Face It: Things Can't Be Going Well For You If you're Turning To This List Of People Who Found Success Later In Life For Comfort. Heartbreaking: Dad Is Excited Out Of His Fucking Mind After Asking A Cab Driver In Aruba To Take Us Where The Locals Eat And Getting Dropped Off At What's Basically An Olive Garden. When This Little Boy Was Being Bullied, His Parents Transferred Him To Another School Where They Apparently Thought Kids Would Magically Be Nicer For Some Reason. Putting An End To Animal Cruelty: Here Are The Only 20 Times When It's Ever Okay To Kill An Elephant. How The Hell Did They Get That? There's Somehow An Actual Roller Coaster At The Church Carnival This Year. National Security Crisis: President Trump's New Ponytail Is Stuck In The White House Fax Machine After He Tried To Fax An Image Of It To Xi Jinping To Make Him Jealous. George R.R. Martin Only Came To Set When We Were Filming Scenes With Nudity In Them, Didn't Talk To Anyone, Then Immediately Left After They Were Over.    Incredible Breakthrough: MIT Scientists Have Successfully Swapped The Brain Of A Man With An Almond. Medical Mystery: This Woman Has Seen Dozens Of Doctors And None Of Them Can Tell Her Why She Feels Totally Fine Right Now. Happy Birthday ClickHole!. Major Disappointment: These Parents Played Their Baby Classical Music In The Womb And He Was Born With A Long White Beard But Is Still Dumb As Hell. Devastating Blow To Feminism: This Woman Sucks. Too Proud: Dad Is Clearly Trying To Play Down How Much He Enjoyed A Vegan Meal. 7 Animals I Just Thought Up Right Now, Off The Top Of My Head.    Hard To Watch: Drake Forgot To Buy Courtside Tickets For Tonight's Game And Is Now Trying To Act Like He's Friends With The Raptors From The Nosebleeds. No More Embarrassment: The FDA Has Approved A New Pill That Will Allow Men To Last Longer In The Bathroom. A New Era: 5 Ingredients Mom Now Considers Taco Stuff. Conservation Nightmare: Rhinos Have Become Even More Attractive To Poachers After Evolving Skin Made Of Rare Mint-Condition Baseball Cards. Awesome: Tums Has Released A Commemorative 200th Anniversary Tums Bottle Because They Assume It's Probably Been 200 Years Of Tums By Now. Sticking It Out: This Couple Has Decided To Stay In Their Two-Person Horse Costume Until Their Children Finish High School. Going To Make This Brand Tie-In Work As Best We Can: 5 Dark And Spooky Horror Stories That Feature Claritin-D.   
 Efficiency Win: This New Gmail Predictive Text Feature Will Auto-Write Passionate Replies To Ardent Love Letters From Your Suitors. Passing The Torch: Idris Elba Is Running Through The Streets Of London Holding Rowan Atkinson's Severed Head, Screaming That He's The Next Mr. Bean. Extremely Frustrating: George R.R. Martin Has Pushed Back The Release Of The Last Two  "GOT " Books After Getting Stuck Behind Someone Filling Up A Water Bottle At A Drinking Fountain. Not-So-Great News For The Future Of Television: The Scene In  "Chernobyl " Where They Shoot All The Dogs Has The Highest TV Ratings Ever. 4 Episodes Of  "Full House " Where Uncle Jesse Explained That Most Families Don't Work Like This, And For Good Reason Too Because This Whole Setup Is Honestly Weird. Pathetic: Mom And Dad Are Trying To Pass Off The Trip To Grandma's House As This Year's Family Vacation. A Chance For Diplomacy: The U.S. State Department Is Hoping President Trump Can Convince Queen Elizabeth To Stop Developing Nuclear Weapons In Her Attic.    Chance Of A Lifetime: Millions Of Children Are Buying Barbasol In Bulk After Barbasol Announced 5 Lucky Children Will Win A Trip To Get Shaved At Their Factory. Part Of The 1%: Bernie Sanders Is Tanking In The Polls After A DNA Test Revealed That He's King. An Incredible Eclipse: NASA Has Announced That A Huge Quiet Guy Will Be Standing In Front Of A Small Loud Guy In Their Parking Lot For The First Time In 65 Years. At A Loss: Apple Has Admitted That Even They Don't Know How Parents Get Their Text Fonts To Be So Fucking Massive. Close Fucking Call: This Product That Got A New Look Still Has The Same Great Taste. Barely Even Registers: President Trump Just Revealed That His Tongue Is Long Enough To Comb His Hair, But It Got Lost In All The Other Crazy Trump News From Today. Amazing! This New Gmail Feature Will Let You Know If you're Being Normal In An Email.    5 Slugs That, In Retrospect, We Sort Of Whipped Ourselves Into A Frenzy Over. Chill The Fuck Out: Netflix Clarified That All The Annoying Tweets They See Dramatically Overpraising One Of Their Shows Only Makes Them Want To Cancel It. Environmental Win! The San Diego Zoo Has Announced They Have Acquired A Big Stupid Gorilla That Loves To Eat Plastic And Styrofoam. Incredible Wizardry: This Man Somehow Fooled His Penis Into Thinking His Hand Was A Vagina. Shameful Privilege: This Kid Conveniently Got Into Yale The Same Year His Dad Donated An Enormous New Physics Professor. Major Misfire: This Kid Clearly Thought  "MasterChef Junior " Was Some Sort Of Bodybuilding Contest. Probably A Lost Cause: 6 Amazing Quotes That Would Be Pretty Inspirational To Horses If They Could Understand Them.    Farewell To A Legend: Milo Ramone, The Conductor Of The Ramones, Has Passed Away At 83. 4 Classic  "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire " Episodes Where The  "Friend " That The Contestant Phoned Was Clearly Santa. Slay Queen! 5 Times Grandma Was An Absolute Girlboss During Her Knee Surgery. It's Never Too Early To Sit Your Child Down And Tell Them That Sex Is Illegal And Babies Come From Putting Eggs In The Microwave. Excuse Me, I'm A Little Shy ...But ...May I Have Blue Cheese Dressing?. Probably Awesome! The Kid Who Left High School To Go To Hockey School In Like Canada Or Vermont Seems To Be In Some Sort Of Pre-NHL League Now. Efficiency Win: Heinz Has Eliminated All Their Executive Positions After Realizing All They Need Is A Couple Factory Guys To Make Ketchup.    Health Nuts Take Note: The FDA Just Announced That The Key To A Balanced Diet Is To Be Kept In A Cage By A Giant Who Feeds You Three Nutrient-Rich Pellets Every Day. This List Of Decorative Placemats Is A Testament To Our Restraint At A Time When Literally Any  "Game Of Thrones " Content Whatsoever Would Go Viral. Major Continuity Error: HBO Is Apologizing In Advance For A Scene In The  "Game Of Thrones " Finale Where Jon Snow's Cell Phone Goes Off And His Ringtone Is A 16-Bit Version Of The Show's Theme Song. Blood In The Water: These People Enjoying A Very Casual Conversation About Miyazaki Movies Have No Idea That There Is An Absolute Miyazaki Freak Lying In Wait Among Them. A Broken System: Massachusetts " Courts Are Still Working Through A Massive Backlog Of Pending Witch Trials. Ugh, So Obnoxious: This Guy Just Pulled Out An Acoustic Guitar At A Party And Killed Someone With It. Well-Deserved Break: After All His Hard Work, Robert Mueller Is Relaxing By Writing A Report About Himself.    Urgent Health Warning: The Surgeon General Has Issued A Reminder To Parents That No Amount Of Vegetables Can Stop Their Children's Heads From Rocketing Off Their Bodies And Into The Sky. Major Storytelling Error: David Benioff Is Apologizing In Advance For A Scene In The  "Game Of Thrones " Finale Where Jon Snow's Cell Phone Goes Off And His Ringtone Is A 16-Bit Version Of The Show's Theme Song. 5 Of Mom's Friends Who Got Too Drunk At Their Book Club And All But Said They Want To Fuck Your Older Brother. End Of An Era: Red Lobster Has Declared Bankruptcy After Paying For A 6-Hour Seafood Commercial Set Entirely To Beatles Music. The Danger Of Drugs: This Man Has Become Annoying After Doing A Drug. Nature Is Incredible: Researchers Have Observed Chimpanzees Using An Electric Chair To Execute Each Other For Murder. Finding Common Ground: 5 Times Harry Potter And Voldemort Agreed That For The Sorting Hat, Being Put On A Kid's Head Probably Felt Like Using A Bidet.   
 Tell Me Why You Deserve A Presidential Medal Of Freedom In The Comments. Got A Bunch Of Them Lying Around Still, Could Probably Send Some Out Later On. Heartwarming: The Yakuza And The Harlem Globetrotters Set Aside Their Differences To Film A PSA Against Texting While Driving. Death With Dignity: Temple Grandin Has Developed A New Mechanical Restraint System For Humanely Slaughtering Cap'n Crunch. A Concert To Remember: Kacey Musgraves Invited Cap'n Crunch To Sing With Her On Stage Last Night Just As A Ruse To Dump Pig Blood On Him And Make The Crowd Laugh. 5 Celebrities Who Got Their Start As Cap'n Crunch's Live-In Concubine On Crunch Island. Disgusting Privilege: Cap'n Crunch Was Only Forgiven For The  "Oops! All Berries " Debacle Because He's A Straight White Man. PR Nightmare: Cap'n Crunch Went On  "The Late Late Show " And Made A Drunken Pass At Zendaya And Then Vomited All Over James Corden's Lap.    Fascinating: The Makers Of Cap'n Crunch Have Revealed That The White Thing On Cap'n Crunch's Face Isn't A Mustache, They're Tusks Because His Parents Were Brother And Sister. When My Ship Was Marooned At Sea, We Resorted To Cannibalism Even Though We Still Had Plenty Of Cap'n Crunch Cereal We Could Have Eaten Instead. Body Positivity FTW! Cap'n Crunch Just Became The First Breakfast Cereal Mascot To Show Off His C-Section Scar On A Cereal Box. The Fairy Tale Ends: Cap'n Crunch And Maxine Waters Have Filed For Divorce After 27 Years Of Marriage. 4 Cap'n Crunch Commercials Where The Cap'n Crashes His Ship Into A House And Starts Going Through All The Drawers Without Crunchatizing Anyone. Good To Know: The Makers Of Cap'n Crunch Have Revealed That The Cap'n Uses The Bathroom Outside Like A Dog. Good Call: The Makers Of Cap'n Crunch Have Announced That If The Cap'n Ever Lapses Into A Coma They Would Take Him Off Life Support Immediately.   
 Devastating: This Woman's Workplace Is So Feminist She Will Never Know Whether She Is Incompetent At Her Job. A Crisis Of Faith: Pope Francis Has Left The Catholic Church To Worship A Monster Truck He Saw Flatten 30 School Busses. Compelling Message: Bernie Sanders Has Asked Voters To Consider That, Adjusted For Age, He Is More Sexually Attractive Than Beto O "Rourke. Extremely Irritating: This Annoying Mom Won't Stop Sending Her Son Emails Every Single Time She Sees Someone From His High School On PornHub. Unforced Error: Elmer's Glue Just Released An Extremely Body-Negative Series Of Ads As Part Of A New  "Only Perfect 10s Use Elmer's " Campaign. Shameful Bullying: Cruel Kids At School Are Laughing At This Boy Just Because His Name Is Boner Von Rimjob And His Pants Fell Down During His Solo Tuba Recital. So Kind: When This Group Of Middle School Boys Saw An Old Man Sitting Alone At A Restaurant, They Generously Informed Him Of All The Things He Be Lookin' Like.    Don't Judge A Book By Its Cover: This Town Was Scared Of An Undead Clown That Chops People Apart With Its Axe, Until They Learned It Only Kills Those Who Have Committed The Sin Of Lust. Know Your Worth: 5 Reasons To Hold Out For A Woman With More Chickens In Her Dowry. National Security Crisis: The White House Is In Panic Mode After President Trump Tweeted  "Karate Dave Is Coming To Kill Me ". Fed Up: SeaWorld Just Went Off About How Everyone Wants SeaWorld To Get Rid Of Orcas But No One's Coming To Take The Orcas Off Their Hands. Gotta Pay The Bills: PBS Just Got Really Desperate During A Pledge Drive And Offered Up One Night Of Passion With Thomas The Tank Engine. Dizzying Paradox: This Man Is Not Hungry, But Could Eat. Bold Stance: Secret Has Announced That No Matter How Far The Body-Positivity Movement Goes, they'll Never Pretend Like A Woman Smelling Bad Is Anything But Disgusting.   
  "Queer Eye " Fans, Rejoice! The Fab Five Is Adding A Sixth Member Named  "Pig Boy " Who Bites Those Responsible For A Participant's Self-Esteem Issues. Take That, Trump: Aerosmith Has Asked Donald Trump To Stop Playing Their Hit 1998 Single  "President Donald Trump Rocks " At His Rallies. And They Said He Was Too Old: Bernie Sanders Just Showed Up To A Rally Wearing A Propeller Beanie And A 1920s Bathing Suit And Announced That He Is 13 Years Old. Do You Need Us To Hold Your Hand Through This Entire List Of Incredible Murals? Do We Always Have To Compile A Whole List Of Photos For You Just So That You'll Look At Them? Grow Up.. Medical Mystery: This Injured Woman Is Still Feeling Pain Despite Putting A Large Steak On Her Eye. Heartbreaking: Dad Has Pretty Obviously Changed His Behavior For Fear Of Getting Cancelled As If He's Even Close To Important Enough For That To Happen. No One Else Wants This: Dad Is Facing Backlash After Making The Executive Decision That The Family Will Ride Out The 45-Minute Wait For A Table At TGI Fridays.    Diversity Fail: Admissions Statistics Show That More Than 90% Of Harvard's Incoming Freshman Class Is Made Up Of Nerds. Heartwarming: Stan Lee Is Set To Make His Final Marvel Movie Cameo In  "Avengers: Endgame " As Iron Man. After I Eradicate Malaria, I Would Like To Try A Threesome. Attention Job Seekers!. Major Blunder: Jimmy Carter Just Accidentally Built An ESPN Zone Instead Of A Habitat For Humanity House And Everyone Had To Act Like That Was The Plan All Along. Not Feeling It Today: Ellen DeGeneres Just Turned On A  "Magic School Bus " Episode For Her Audience And Fell Asleep In The Corner Of The Studio. Perils Of Socialism: Sweden Used To Be A Prosperous Nation. Then They Became Socialist. Today Their Country Is Known As Venezuela.    Best Celeb Ever: Chris Pratt Showed Up At This Fan's Death To Weigh His Heart Against A Feather And Find Out If He Was Worthy To Pass Into The Kingdom of Osiris. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Terminator ". Body-Positive Marketing: Dove's New Freak Show Wagon Of  "Nature's Most Curious Mistakes And Human Horrors " Is Traveling Across America To Show That Beauty Comes In All Shapes And Sizes. Beautiful: This Aunt Spent All Month Researching Hentai So she'd Have Something To Talk About With Her Nephew This Easter. How Well Do You Know Your Movie Trivia?!. 6 Poems About Slime Written By Idiots. Science FTW! NASA Just Posted A Tweet Announcing That They're Thinking About Doing A Lunar Eclipse Tonight If There's Any Interest.    Heartwarming: Celebrities Across Social Media Are Sharing Touching Tributes And Stories About The Witch Because The Witch Has Melted. Ah, Christ. Not Another Bladder Full Of Urine.. Desperate For Info: Nabisco Is Offering $25,000 To Anyone Who Can Tell Them Who The Hell Came Up With The Idea For Fig Newtons. Every Parent Should Know This Easy Lifehack!. Absolutely Infuriating: George R.R. Martin Wasted Time Eating Dinner Instead Of Writing His Next Book. Neat! This New App Shows You What You Would Look Like If You Had Just Taken Care of Yourself The Tiniest Bit Better. Do You Mind Helping Us Out?.   
 Devastating Setback: Elon Musk Has Murdered His Lemon With Legs After It Kicked Him In The Groin. As A Parent, Nothing Compares To The Moment When The Kidnappers Who Took Your Child Ride A Vespa Past Your House And Punt Your Now 200-Pound Son Back Onto Your Lawn. A Brilliant Innovator: Elon Musk Has Announced He Is Currently Developing A Lemon With Legs That Can Sprint To Hungry People All Over The World. Heartwarming: Dick's Sporting Goods Is Giving Free Baseball Bats To Scorned Women Who Just Caught Their Good-For-Nothin' Boyfriends Cheating On Them. Don't You Fucking Dare Tabletop One Of These World War II Veterans. Hey Disney, It's About Time!. Spectacular News! Dad Finished The Book That's Been On His Bedside Table For 23 Years.    The First Time I Drank Gatorade. Beto O "Rourke Said WHAT?!. AOC Scam! Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Claims To Be Poor, But This Painting Clearly Shows Her Wearing An Expensive Pearl Earring. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Moulin Rouge ". Now That Univision Isn't Our Corporate Owner Anymore, We're Free To Rip Into Their Dumbass Logo. Sun-Kissed Goddess! This Woman Is Rolling Up Her Sleeves And Turning Her Face To The Sun To Try To Get A Tan During Her 4-Minute Walk To The Grocery Store. Parent Of The Year! This Single Mother Of 3 Works 2 Jobs And Still Makes Time To Relentlessly Stalk Cuba Gooding Jr..   
 Heartbreaking: This Kid Is Still Talking As If He Could Possibly Dig His Way Out Of The Hole He Dug When He Said He Thinks His Sister Is Hot. Game Changer: Cory Booker Just Pledged That If He's Nominated He "ll Pick A Running Mate That Could Be Played Hilariously By Kate McKinnon If Given The 2020 Presidential Nomination. Jeremy Renner Said WHAT?!. Amazing Phenomenon: America's Heavyset Sunburned Men Wearing Basketball Shorts As Bathing Suits Have Begun Their Annual Migration To The Jersey Shore's Boardwalk Punching Bag Arcade Games. Unsolved Mystery: This History Class Just Ended Without The Teacher Ever Acknowledging The Mark Twain Impersonator Quietly Sitting At Her Desk. Samuel L. Jackson Said WHAT?!.  "Stop Giving Us Toys That Are Homework ": America's 9-Year-Old Girls Have Announced They're Pretty Burned Out On STEM Shit And Would Just Like Some Normal Toys.   
 The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Revealed That In The  "Harry Potter " Universe None Of The Magic Or Wizards Are Real And It's All Just Hallucinated By J.K. Rowling Who Is Locked Up In An Insane Asylum. Bold New Rebrand: The U.S. Military's New Official Slogan Is Now  "Toot Toot Honk Honk Army ". Ryan Reynolds Said WHAT?!. Huh: It Turns Out The Super Skinny Kid From School Has Pretty Huge Parents, Which Doesn't Mean Anything, It's Just Interesting. Finally! Lisa Frank Is Releasing A Line Of Somber\nBlack-And-White Folders For Kids Whose Parents Are Getting Divorced. Katy Perry Said WHAT?!. Cool It, Kid: This 8-Year-Old Is Banging On His Parents " Bedroom Door At 2 A.M. And Demanding That They Give Him The Sex Talk Right Fucking Now.   
 Brilliant Strategy: This Man Is Pretending To Piss For A Little Longer At The Urinal So He Doesn't Have To Talk To One Of His Coworkers Washing His Hands. A Reckless Administration: The White House Reportedly Granted Cousin Itt Full Security Clearance And He Immediately Ran Off With The Nuclear Briefcase. Beto O "Rourke Said WHAT?!. Whatever: We Ranked The Supreme Court Justices Based On Looks. Coming Clean: The World's Orchestra Conductors Have Come Together To Admit Their Job Is As Easy And Fun As It Looks. Science FTW! The Hubble Space Telescope Found A $20 Bill. Ready To Smell Old? It's Been 20 Years Since .    MIA Said What?!. He's Running: Joe Biden Just Made A Pinterest Board Called  "President Style Ideas ". Disappointing: NASA Just Announced That All The Water They Thought Was On Mars Is Just Normal Human Blood. Gwyneth Paltrow Said What?!. Major Pivot: Bernie Sanders Has Become\nStaunchly Capitalist After Tasting Mountain Dew Code Red And Learning It Was\nMade By A Corporation. A Bold Stance: The U.S. Army Is Angrily Tweeting How It's Total Bullshit That 12-Year-Olds Are Basically Considered Adults On Advil Directions But Not During Wartime. Bradley Cooper Said What?!.    It's Just Common Sense!. 5 Signs Your Son Didn't Pull The Correct Lessons From Watching  "Shallow Hal ". Heartbreaking: This Poor Kid Had To Spend An Entire Afternoon Gardening With His Grandma, Bringing Her More Joy Than He Could Possibly Imagine. Incredibly Embarrassing: This Guy Got A GCal Reminder To Join ISIS Right In The Middle Of A Huge PowerPoint In Front Of His Company's Board Of Directors. Finally! Revlon Has Released A Tiny Curling Iron For That One Extremely Dark Hair Growing Alone On A Random And Otherwise Bare Part Of Your Body!. Barack Obama Said What?!. Jane Goodall Said What?!.    Progress: Iowa Has Officially Replaced Columbus Day With Columbus Hour. Parenting Win! The NBA Is Attaching Diaper Changing Tables To All Of Its Backboards!. Fair Is Fair!. Not Quite How It Works: Mom Posted A  "But Her Emails " Meme Underneath The Status Her Friend Posted About Putting Her Dog To Sleep. Powerful Protest: An Anti-Animal Activist Group Just Snuck 3 Orcas Into SeaWorld. 8 Incredible Dr. Oz Quotes About Why Your Gooch Is 50 Times More Vital Than Your Heart Or Your Brain. Daisy Ridley Said What?!.    5 Pictures Of Dolly Parton Dunking That You Can't Find Anywhere Else ...Because They're Fake, Okay?! They Aren't Real! We Made Them In Photoshop So You Would Like Us. How Embarrassing. . Gordon Ramsay Said What?!. 5 Signs That The Werewolf You Turn Into During A Full Moon Is A Total Neat Freak. Steer Clear: Belgium Has Declared War On Anyone Who Wants To Fucking Go Right Now. John Malkovich Said What?!. Absolutely Beautiful: This Incredible Artist Imagined What It Would Be Like If Kurt Cobain Had Lived Long Enough To Get Both His Hands Stuck In Beehives .    Incredible Humility: Warren Buffett Just Revealed That He Always Flies Cargo Instead Of First Class. We Want To Know More About Our Readers!. Seems Unnecessary: The  "Our Story " Section On This Family-Owned Vegan Snack Company's Chip Bags Includes An Anecdote About A Fatal Hit-And-Run They Did In 1998. Feminism FTW: This Amazing Body-Positive Instagram Ad Campaign Is Empowering Women To Buy A Bra That Costs $95. John Legend Said What?!. Taking A Stand: StarKist Tuna Announced they'll Never Collaborate With Louis C.K. On His Own Line Of Canned Fish. Girl Power! 7 Women Who Are On This List.    Mark Ruffalo Said WHAT?!. Patriots Rejoice! Donald Trump Has Appointed Professor Rat As The U.S. Secretary Of Fireworks. How does this not exist in 2019?!. Mind-Blowing History: This Photo Of U.S. And Iraqi Soldiers Banding Together To Disembowel An Elvis Impersonator During The Gulf War Will Take Your Breath Away. Tom Hanks Said WHAT?!. Lost Innocence: This Shocked Mother Just Found A Stash Of Pornographic Actors Under Her 12-Year Old's Mattress. Heartbreaking: This Old Woman's Family Put Her In A Nursing Home And Now John Stamos Hardly Ever Comes By To Have Sex With Her .    Michael Phelps Said WHAT?!. Get Real: This Woman Thinks Her 3-Year-Old Is Going To Grow Up To Play In The NBA Just Because He's Already 7 Feet Tall And Has A 70.1 True Shooting Percentage. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Mary Poppins ". Journalism Win:  "The Washington Post " Announced\nThat Everyone Is Born With 10,000 Pinocchios And Has To Remove Them By Living A\nLifetime Of Honesty. Feminism Win! This Artist\nReimagined Mario As Saying  "It's-a She, Susan B. Anthony! ". Patrick Stewart Said What?!. Nature Is Incredible: Biologists Have Captured Rare Photos Of Two Mutually Beneficial Species Exchanging Business Cards.    It's only right! . Welcome To ClickHole's At-Home Dance Fitness Program! Follow Along To Get Your Groove On!. Beyonce Said What?!. A Mythical Land: No One Has Ever Seen Anyone Shopping At The Huge Store In The Mall Full Of Rhinestone-Studded Party Dresses That's Always Blasting Royalty-Free Club Music. Incredibly Sad: This Guy Got A New Blender And It Literally Changed His Life. Shutting Down The Haters: Bernie Sanders Just Proved He's Young Enough To Run For President By Hiring A Team Of Bodyguards That Are All 20 Years Older Than Him. Bernie Sanders Said What?!.    Get The Tissues Ready: The Next Song On This Emo Album Is Just A Guy's First Name So You Know It's Going To Be About The Lead Singer's Friend Who Died When They Were In High School. Heartwarming: This Dog Spends Hours Each Day Sitting At The Grave Where Its Owner Is Buried Alive. We Literally Do Not Give A Fuck: Rhode Island Is Expecting 4 Inches Of Snow This Week And Can Also Eat Shit For All We Care, Get This Off Our Timeline. It's time to rethink our shopping carts.. So Embarrassing: This Girl Who Left Math Class To Go To The Bathroom For 20 Minutes Was Clearly Giving Birth To Octuplets. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Said What?!. Innovation FTW: ASICS Has Unveiled A New, Incredibly Shitty-Looking Running Shoe So That If you're A Slow Runner You Can Just Blame It On The Shoe.    This life hack couldn't be easier.. 5 Times On  "The Punisher " When The Punisher Kills Someone Just Because They Either Don't Like Grapes Or They Like Grapes Way Too Much. Jeremy Renner Said What?!. Heartwarming: This Awesome Charity Pairs Old Hags With Naughty Children Who "d Taste Delicious In A Stew. Doctors HATE This! I Used One\nWeird Trick To Get Covered In Feathers And Fill My Anus With Bees And You Can\nToo. Scroll Through This List Of Racecars Very Fast\nTo Simulate The NASCAR Experience. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Alien ".    Paul McCartney Said What?!. What do you see?. Parent Of The Year: When His Daughter Got Her First Period, This Super Dad Shit His Pants And Explained It's Pretty Much The Closest He Can Get To That.  "90s Kids Will Absolutely DETEST This List Of Awesome Toys From The UNKNOWABLE FOREIGN DECADE Of The  "80s. Inspiring Resolve: This 12-Year-Old Boy Is Determined To Get Away With Masturbating In The Hotel Room He's Sharing With His Family On Vacation. George Lucas Said What?!. This Is Only Our First Draft Of The List  "5 Common Birds That Are Actually Pretty Cool " So Any Notes You Have Would Be Greatly Appreciated.    Heartwarming! When This Man Came Out Of The Closet To His Family, They Paused  "Norbit " For An Entire 20 Seconds To Give Him A Thumbs-Up. Affordable Housing FTW! This Cursed Ghost Ship Offers Free Room And Board To Anyone Willing To Join Their Eternally Damned Crew. This Small Business Owner Was About To Declare Bankruptcy. Then He Remembered To Hustle And Grind. Now He Is Billionaire.. Bold New Policy: The EPA Just Announced That If Squirrels Can't Hack It, They Don't Deserve Our Protection. It's the considerate thing to do.. Trump To The Rescue: The Fat White Boy Who Was Expelled For Getting Fully Nude On The School Bus To Change Into His Dashiki Was Invited To The White House. Ariana Grande Said What?!.    PC Culture Run Amok: This Fat White Boy Was Expelled Just For Getting Fully Nude On The School Bus To Change Into His Dashiki. It's so obvious.. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison\nFord Got His Sleeve Caught In His Computer's Floppy Disk Drive And Was Sucked\nInto Cyberspace. Shocking Statistic: The Average American Is Ingesting More Than 8 Pounds Of Spiders Right This Second. No One Can Truly Describe What It Feels Like To Lose A Child--Least Of All Me!. Missing The Mark: 5 Life Alert Commercials Where An Elderly Person Falls Down The Stairs And Fucking Loves It. Chris Evans Said What?!.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Social Network ". Ingenuity FTW: Under Armour Unveiled A New Hoodie With An Additional Hood In Front That You Can Vomit Into. Oprah Winfrey Said What?!. This is not up for debate.. Privacy Scandal: Mark Zuckerberg Is Being Chased By\nA Shotgun-Toting Farmer After Ignoring The Old Man's Rule Not To Collect His\nBeautiful Daughter's Personal Data. 5 Times Harry Potter Used An Unplugged 6-Outlet Power Strip As A Wand And Mumbled  "Louie Anderson' Instead Of A Spell, Ranked By How Fucked Up The Results Were. He's A Staunch Republican. She's A Bleeding-Heart Liberal. They Don't Know Each Other Or Anything. Who Knows Where We Were Going With This. .    Rick Moranis Said What?!. Um Okay Sure: 5 Types Of Trees Or Whatever Lol. Beautiful: No Matter How Busy This Family Is, They Always Manage To Set Aside 15 Hours Every Day To Look At A Picture Of Waylon Smithers . Pat Sajak Said What?!. We need better sign variety.. Forgotten Genius: This Man Working In Obscurity As A Computer Programmer Was Once A Kid Who Dazzled The Schoolyard By Holding Himself Suspended Between Two Walls. Wow: This Incredible World-Record Pole Vaulter Is A Beautiful Example Of The Amazing Things Human Beings Can Achieve When They Use Poles.    Incredibly Unfair: Even Though Billionaires Work Way Harder Than Everyone Else, They Only Earn 4,000 Times As Much Money. The Rock Said What?!. Making It Work: This Unhappily Married Couple Has Decided Not To Divorce For The Sake Of The Guy Who's Stuck In Their Chimney. Free massages!!. Absolutely Beautiful: When This Elderly Woman Fell Down On The Sidewalk, Six Different People Jumped On Top Of Her To Protect Her From Meteors. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Said What?!. Body Positivity FTW! 5 Empowering Celebrity Quotes About How Your Body's Bulbus Secondary Gorb-Receptor Is Beautiful Even If It Is Not Perfectly Square.    An Authentic Experience: Peloton Is Manufacturing An Indoor Exercise Bike That Will Have The Exact The Same Rate Of Accidental Death As Riding A Bike Outside. Terrifying: This Ordinary Family Man Was Suddenly Activated As A Clandestine Sleeper Agent For The CIA's Accounting Department. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Avengers: Infinity War ". Clint Eastwood Said What?!. Totally Embarrassing: This Woman Forgot To Bring Her Monocle To Her Tap Class, And Now She Looks Like A Fool With Just Her Top Hat And Cane. Beautiful: Jerry Stiller Called This Terminally Ill Child At 3 A.M. Last Night To Tell Her An Idea He Had For A New Type Of Sushi Roll. Why do you love that smell?.    Encouraging Teamwork:  "Apex Legends " Has A Button\nThat Lets Players Easily Announce They Have Diarrhea And Won't Be Shooting\nAnyone For A Few Minutes . Emma Stone Said What?!. Ditch The Dating Apps: 5 Real-Life Places To Meet My Wife. Fighting Harassment: Twitter Will Now Only Allow Users To Tweet,  "Die, Bitch " To Bitches Who Should Die. Heartwarming: These Awesome Teen Volunteers Call Nursing Home Residents Once A Week To Remind Them About Swamps. This has never made any sense.. Lindsay Lohan Said What?!.    7 Fjords I Would Like To Take Your Family To See Without You. Heartbreaking: This Man Works For A Website. Buck naked or thong?. Girl Power! American Girl Has Released A New Doll Who Was Alive During The Civil Rights Movement But Didn't Really Help At All. Zendaya Said What?!. Foodies Rejoice! This Chef Make A Hamburger!!!. 4 Times The Harlem Globetrotters Showed Up Uninvited To My Son's Tap Dancing Recital And Humiliated Him With Basketball Tricks.    Finally! Kotex Has Released A Line Of Tampons With A 15-Foot String And A Bell At The End So You Never Forget About Your Tampon. Julia Roberts Said What?!. 5 AMBER Alerts That Were Sent Out That Were Clearly More Focused On How Sweet The Car Was. Heartbreaking: This Kid Is Too Young To Realize That His Friends Were Hanging Out Without Him When He Ran Into Them At The Movies, And Now He Keeps Telling His Mom How Cool It Was That He Just Saw All Of His Friends. Bow Down, Bitches: Mom Just Got Her Makeup Done For Free By The Clinique Lady At Macy's And Now She's Strutting Through The Mall Toward Ruby Tuesday Like It's A Goddamn Runway. David Blaine Said What?!. A Sponsored Content Deal Fell Through After We Already Did The Work, So Enjoy These Brandless Pictures Of People Happy About A Blue Liquid.   
 Heartbreaking Backstory: 6 Luxury Dog Houses Yoda Looked At But Couldn't Afford. It's only fair!. Inspiring: This Awesome Non-Profit Works To Overturn The Convictions Of Prisoners Who Don't Like Being In Prison. Pope Francis Said What?!. Fascinating!. Boring List Of 7 Trucks We Only\nPut Online Because It Wasn't Too Much Work. A Titan Of Sport: This Man At The Gym Is All-Out Sprinting On The Treadmill In Cargo Shorts While Watching Old Episodes Of  "River Monsters " On A Microsoft Surface Tablet.   
 Caving To Blackmail: Jeff Bezos\nHas Shut Down  "The Washington Post " After  "The National Enquirer " Threatened To\nPublish Photos Revealing He's Bald. Unconstitutional Presidency: The Constitution Clearly States That It Is Illegal For A Dumb Orange Man To Be President. Ronan Farrow Said What?!. 4 Books That Would Be Better If They Weren't About Harry Potter. I Was There When Tommy Lee Honked A Boat Horn With His Penis In The Sex Tape He Made With Pamela Anderson And I Did Nothing. A Love That Transcends Time And Space: This Elderly Couple Died Within 8 Years Of Each Other. Buzz Aldrin Said What?!.    Seems Extreme: Jacob Farted During Math And The Marines Wheeled Him Out Of The Classroom In One Of Those Hannibal Lecter Straitjacket Things With The Muzzle. 5 Tokyo Buildings Godzilla Spared Because He Was Considering Having His Bar Mitzvah There. Most people don't know this.. Hot Hot Hollywood: Tim Cook And Malala Yousafzai Were Spotting Together Dragging Their New Bunk Bed Down The Santa Monica Freeway . Jane Goodall Said What?!. The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That Harry Potter Currently Suffers From Erectile Dysfunction Which He Treats Using A Proprietary Blend Of Medicinal Herbs Available For $49.99 On Rowling's Personal Website. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Mad Max: Fury Road ".    Hell Fucking Yes: Your White Yoga Teacher Is Throat Singing And Playing Bansuri Flute Music And If That's Cultural Appropriation It's All On Them But Super Fun For You. Unbridled Gluttony: This Hedonistic Boy Read All The Weekly Fun Facts From His School Planner In A Single Class. Scarlett Johansson Said What?!. 5 Mindfulness Exercises You Can Use To Remind Yourself That\nyou're Better Than A Frog. Just a polite reminder.. Shocking Dark Secret: The Host Of The Beloved Kids Show 'Professor Groin Pincher's Carnival Of Pleasures' Has Been\nPosthumously Unmasked As A Pedophile. Grim Prognosis: Researchers Have Determined That Penguins Will Look Incredibly Stupid When They're Dying From Global Warming .    Snoop Dogg Said What?!. 5 Fond Memories From His Undergrad Years At Duke That R2-D2 Had To Delete To Make Room For The Death Star Plans. Potentially Troubling: This Brain Surgeon Has The Results Of An Internet IQ Test Hanging Where His Med School Diploma Should Be. Body Positivity FTW! Dove Just Released A New Ad Reminding Women That They Are So Beautiful They Could Probably Drop Out Of School And Just Rely On Their Looks From Here On Out. Mad With Power: A Cackling Jimmy Fallon Gloated To Viewers Last Night That He Held A  "Scrubs " Reunion Without Anybody Around Just For His Own Personal Amusement . Anne Hathaway Said What?!. Tweet This Video At Jeff Bridges To Let Him Know That He Could've Done Better In  "The Big Lebowski ".    I'm Sorry, But These Kid Chefs Freak Me Out (By Gordon Ramsay). If SEAL Team 6 Isn't Using The Porn They Took From Osama Bin Laden's Compound, I'd Be Happy To Take It Off Their Hands. Chris Evans Said What?!. Benefits Of Streaming: The Number Of Fatal Car Accidents Caused By People Rushing To Get Home To Watch  "Frasier " Has Decreased By 80% Over The Last Decade. Heartbreaking: This Kid Genuinely Seems Pretty Proud After His Teacher Announced That His Section Of Biology Is A Full Week Ahead Of Her Other Bio Classes. Tuna cans should let us know!. Real Life Incredible Hulk: This Man Turns Green And Goes Bald Every Time He Gets Upset.    Nothing Fancy Here: 6 Normal Hairstyles. You'll Never Learn To Love Your Body Unless You Come Do Chores Around My Yard. Competition For 23AndMe? This New Company Lets You Send Them Your Saliva And They Will Tell You If They Like It. Bob Barker Said What?!. Art Of The Craft: Former Burglar Shares His Secrets For Breaking Into Homes. Dave Grohl Said What?!. Inclusivity Win! Marvel Is Changing The Sound\nThat Spider-Man's Web Shooters Make From  "Thwip " To  "Mixed-Race Families ".   
 Please help us out.. Inspiring Determination: This Man Was Stranded At Sea For 151 Days And Survived Almost The Entire Time. I Used To Be Pro-Gun Control. But Now ...I Think I'm Gonna Hurl, You Guys!!!. Kristen Stewart Said What?!. Whoa: Morgan Hung Up String Lights In Her Jail Cell. Sex-Ed Fail: This Texas Public School Has Fired The Goat-Headed Man Who Lures Students Into The Forest To Show Them A PowerPoint About Safe Sex. Matter Of Life And Death: First Responder Describes His Most Intense Rescues.    Mila Kunis Said What?!.  "I Want For Nothing, Mommy ": 5 Pleasureless Gifts To Give Your Ascetic 9-Year-Old For Their Birthday. Heartwarming: These Parents Had The Most Adorable Girth Reveal Party To Announce That They're Having A Fat Baby. Most people Don't know this!. That Was Fast: Roger Stone Has Already Had A Religious Awakening And Converted To Islam In Prison. Total Rebrand: Justin Bieber Has Announced That He's Going To Be Like A 1950s Heartthrob Now By Looking Like He's 60 And Starring In 140 Movies Where He Sings Like A Ghost. It's about time!.    Total Rebrand: Justin Bieber Has Announced That He's Going To Be Like A 1950s Heartthrob Now By Looking Like He's 60 And Starring In 140 Movies Where He Sings Like A Ghost. It's about time!. All Done Now: A Team Of Archaeologists Has Discovered A Pile Of Bones Labeled  "The Last Of The Bones ". Self-Care FTW! This New App Sends You Daily Reminders To Take Your Bra Off And Smoke Virginia Slims. More Dysfunction: The Secret Service Just Accidentally Shot Eric Trump After Catching Him Trying On His Dad's Swim Trunks And Mistaking Him For An Intruder. Inclusivity Win! The Word Problem At The End Of This Math Worksheet Has A Guy Named Alejandro In It. An Enemy In Hiding: Amongst These Innocent\nMale Nipples Lurks A Wicked Female Nipple!.   
 Share This Video With Your Significant Other To Ask For Permission To Watch A Movie That Has Nudity In It. Self-Defense FTW! This Woman Likes To Think That She Could Probably Hit Someone With Her Water Bottle Pretty Hard If It Came To That. Overstepping Their Bounds: CNN Has Begun Sending Way-Too-Casual Push Notifications Announcing They're Tired And Can't Wait For The Weekend. Why isn't this a thing?. Tweet For Everything: In 2009, Donald Trump Tweeted That Robert Mueller Is An Honest Prosecutor Who Will Lock Him Up In Prison One Day. Beautiful: This Organization Takes Stray Dogs Off The Street And Puts Them Really High Up In A Tree. The Hidden Price Of Environmentalism: The Cup you've Been Reusing For Water At Home All Week Has Started To Develop A Taste.    This Will Change the Way You Watch  "O Brother, Where Art Thou? ". Public Health Alert: The CDC Has Issued A Nationwide Recall On All Salmonella. Incredibly Relatable: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Is Proving She's Just Like Us By Wasting Her Life On Social Media. Improving User Experience: Facebook Has Introduced A New Service That Will Block Facebook For $20 A Month. It's only right!. Yeah, Makes Sense: Wendy's Announced That You Should\nUnderstand The Gist Of Wendy's By Now And They're Not Going To Advertise\nAnymore. Chance the Rapper said WHAT?!.    The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That Every Now And Then The Sorting Hat Would Arbitrarily Sort A Kid Onto The New York Mets. Disgraceful Mommy Shaming: Haters Are Criticizing Kourtney Kardashian Just For Swinging Her Son Around By His Feet To Catch Butterflies In His Open Mouth. 8 Balloons For 8 Celebrities. Good to know!. Eddie Redmayne said WHAT?!. Long Overdue Repairs: The Guggenheim Museum Has Finally Raised Enough Money To Make Their Building Normal . 6 Episodes Of 'The Office' That Flash Forward To Pam And Dwight Fucking On Jim's Grave.    Crisis At 30,000 Feet: The Pilot Of This Flight Is Sobbing And Frantically Asking Passengers If Anyone Knows How To Spay A Cat. Amy Adams said WHAT?!. 4 Times In  "Legally Blonde " Where Reese Witherspoon Breaks Character To Explain That Women Aren't Going To Get A Better Movie Than This For The Next 20 Years. Cool lifehack!. Worth A Shot: Tylenol Announced They're Going To Try Jacking Up The Price Of Tylenol To $1,000 A Pill Like Other Drugs Do And See If People Keep Buying It. 4 Bunnies We Must Pet And 2 Bunnies We Must Eat. Tommy Lee Jones said WHAT?!.   
 Unfortunate Development: Cousin Kyle Has Learned Even More Pressure Points Since The Last Time He Visited. Put Down The iPad And Go Shave An Ape! 6 Awesome Things  "90s Kids Grew Up Doing To Orangutans That Kids Today Are Totally Missing Out On. Heartbreaking: Emperor Of Badminton Gets Chosen Last For Badminton Team By Gym Class Team Captain. Showbiz Nepotism: 90% Of Actors Working In Hollywood Only Got Where They Are Because Their Dad Is Jeff Garlin. Sick Fuck: This Dog Is Way Too Happy About Smelling Cancer. This is what your postman really means.. Fans Rejoice! 5 Classic Moments Only Fans Will Remember!.    Smooth Recovery: ExxonMobil Has Played Off Their Latest Massive Oil Spill As If They Did It On Purpose. Share This On Portugal's Facebook Page To Let Them Know They Had A Good Run But It's Time To Call It Quits. This Amazing New Anti-Bullying Campaign Reminds Kids That Even Though Bullying Might Be Fun, Rewarding, And Cool, It Can Sometimes Make You Tired. Each Year, More Than 60,000 Men Are Poached For Their Precious Corduroy. And The Crisis Is Only Getting Worse. Too Little Too Late: Halle Berry Has Put On A Propeller Hat To Prepare For Her 2004 Role In  "Catwoman ". The Power Of People: When These Parents Came Together And Demanded That There Never Be A School Where All The Teachers Are Pedophiles, The School District Released A Statement Saying They Agreed. A Christmas Miracle: The 3 Ways Baby Jesus Immediately Asserted His Dominance After He Was Born To Prove He Was The Son Of God.   
 Donations Needed: Wikipedia Has Posted An Appeal Asking For One Night Of Physical Intimacy From Each User. This Will Change the Way You Watch  "Scarface ". Share This Video With Your Dentist To Let Them Know Your Baby Teeth Are Back In A Major Way. Vulnerability Win: Selena Gomez Just Opened Up About John Goodman's Struggles With Obesity In A Beautiful Instagram Post. Drew Brees said WHAT?!. Groundbreaking Intelligence Leak: Mom Just Let It Slip That The Mysterious Boyfriend She Almost Married Before Dad Rode A Motorcycle. Fighting Fire With Fire: Mitch McConnell Is Attempting To Channel AOC's Populist Appeal By Preparing A Supper Of Boiled Dog Live On Instagram.    Drake said WHAT?!. Hot Hot Hollywood: Will Smith Has Been Singing  "Hava Nagila " Faster And Faster For 52 Hours Straight While Building A Mausoleum For All His Family And Friends. Incredible Savings: Costco Has Started Selling A Jumbo, Family-Sized Condom That Several Men Can Wear Together. Tobey Maguire said WHAT?!. Here Are A Few Quick Tips On What To Do If You Accidentally Make Eye Contact With The Super Old Guy. Cuteness Overload: This Little Boy Wrote An Adorable Letter To Santa Asking Him How It's Possible That Prancer Is Still Single . This Incredible Charity Gives Terminally Ill Children The Chance To Watch Their Fathers Bungee Jump Naked.    Honoring A Legend: After Sitting Courtside At Lakers Games For Over Four Decades, Jack Nicholson Is Now Allowed To Shower With The Team. Saoirse Ronan said WHAT?!. Holy Shit: Kyle Is Just Straight-Up Watching The Saddam Hussein Hanging Video On A Library Computer, Right Where Teachers Can See Him And Everything. Olivia Wilde Is Pretty. Prettier Than Me :(. Streamlined Ceremony: To Save\nTime The Oscars Are Ditching The Award Show And Instead Will Just Post An Excel\nSpreadsheet Listing All The Winners. 6 Of The Biggest Differences Between The British Version Of  "The Office " And The Zapruder Film. Gwyneth Paltrow said WHAT?!.    Devastating: Man Forced To Put His Shirt On At The Beach Because The Face On His Stomach Learned To Swear. Sorry To Hear That, Dave: Dave Matthews Has\nRevealed That That Solar Eclipse A While Back Made Him Blind . Father Of The Year: His\nDaughter Loves Frozen, So For Her Birthday This Awesome Dad Cursed The\nLand With Eternal Winter. Kelsey Grammer said WHAT?!. Amazing Discovery: Researchers Have Found That Middle Aged Women Who Believe Home Is Where The Heart Is Are 10 Times More Likely To Live Laugh Love. 6 Big Roles Tony Danza Turned Down Because The\nCharacter Wasn't Also Named Tony . Amazing! A Shaken Christian Bale Has Revealed The Only Preparation He Did To Play Dick Cheney Was Eating A Caesar Salad That Immediately Made Him Bald And Fat.    Living The High Life: This Man Has A 680 Credit Score And No Serious Skin Conditions!. Al Michaels said WHAT?!. Heartbreaking: Dad Misses Daughter's Awesome Cannonball Because He's Busy Watching Another Kid Do Even Better Cannonballs On His VR Headset. Environmental Crisis: This Photo Of A Baboon Eating The Bugs Out Of Regis Philbin's Hair On A Tiny Chunk Of Melting Ice Shows The Utter Devastation Of Climate Change. The Perils Of Fame: Hundreds Of Screaming Teenage Fangirls Are Currently Chasing The Colgate Toothpaste CEO Through The Streets Of New York City. Improving Journalism: .  Is\nChanging Its Slogan To  "Democracy Dies In Darkness, Fascism Dies In Light, Read\n.  Each Day To Make Your Brain All Right ". Return Of The Fucking King: This College Freshman Poked His Whole Head Into His Old AP Lit Teacher's Room Right In The Middle Of Class.    Emma Watson said WHAT?!. GoT Fans Rejoice: George R.R. Martin Says He Can Now Finish .  Since Geico Has Given Him Legal Clearance To Use Their Gecko Mascot As A Character. Meryl Streep said WHAT?!. At A Loss: The FCC Has Announced That They Can't Understand What The Hell Is Happening In Anime And Honestly Have No Idea If It's Okay For Children. After 50 Years Of Searching Man Finally Finds Key To His Chastity Belt In Sand . Exonerated? New Evidence Reveals That Steven Avery Likely Couldn't Have Killed Teresa Halbach Because He Was Transformed Into A Bird At The Time Of The Murder. Nature Is Beautiful: A New Study Has Shown That When A Blue Whale Dies Its Body Can Feed Scientists For 3 Whole Years.    Lin Manuel-Miranda said WHAT?!. Body Positivity Win! People Seem To Be Fascinated With This Woman's Huge Goiter. The 4 Medical Conditions That You Can Have. Gearing Up For 2020? Bernie Sanders Just Slapped Barron Trump In The Face And Called Him A Bimbo. Guillermo del Toro said WHAT?!. A Hero's Reward: George H.W. Bush Is Sitting In\nValhalla Nervously Drinking A Glass Of Water While Dead Vikings Battle Around Him. The Power Of Love: Phil Margera Is Piloting A Hot-Air Balloon To London To Win Back The Heart Of Meghan Markle And Take Her On A Romantic Vacation.   
 Fuck Off, Babies: 11 Babies We Don't Give A Shit About. Karl Malone said WHAT?!. The Future Of Agriculture: Dole Just Engineered An Apple That Grows With A Toy In It To Encourage Kids To Eat More Fruit. Winning New Customers: Hallmark Has Introduced A New Line Of Greeting Cards For Siblings In Incestuous Relationships!. Best Revenge: This Nerd Was\nBullied Throughout High School, But Today He's An Adult Who Owns Several Funko Pop Figurines. Tom Hanks said WHAT?!. Embarrassing Tweetstorm: John Legend Just Tweeted Out What Was Clearly Meant To Be A Private List Of Reasons he'd Make A Good Zookeeper.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Godfather ". Rules Are Rules: Jeff Bezos\nWas Just Fired From Amazon For Getting A Tattoo. Historic Exhibit: Barack Obama's Bones Are On Display At The Smithsonian. Rami Malek Said What?!. 5 Romantic Comedies Guaranteed To Make You Cry. Science Win: Anthropologists Now Believe Neanderthals Had Big Stupid Grins On Their Faces Pretty Much All The Time. Definitely A Psychopath: This Kid Just Chose To Paint A Regular White Plate At His Friend's Ceramic Painting Party.    4 Episodes Of  "Barefoot Contessa " Where Jeffrey Got Stuck In Traffic On His Way Home So Ina Garten Pretended To Be Him And Ate His Dinner. Mary-Kate Olsen Said What?!. Heartbreaking: Man Is Still Calling Out  "Marco Polo " While Everyone Else In The Pool Is Making Out. Next Time You See An Old Person Alone At A Restaurant, Know That It Would Mean The World To Them If You Ate Them Out Right There Under The Table. Sexier Than Ever: Dwayne  "The Rock " Johnson Is Looking Amazing After Murdering His Uncle And Stealing His Wig. George Lucas said WHAT?!. The 5 Times Dad Was Irrefutably In The Zone.    Sex-Ed FTW: This Pregnant Dog Visits Schools To Teach Children That Just Because You Have Huge Tits Doesn't Mean They Always Look Good.  "Why Would A Cat Be Here? ": 5 Cheetos Commercials Where Chester Cheetah Openly Questions What The Hell He's Doing In A Commercial For Cheese Snacks. Kelly Ripa said WHAT?!. 5 Tactful Ways To Shut Down Jigsaw At Thanksgiving When He Starts Arguing In Favor Of Sadistic Death Traps. Share This With Victoria's Secret To Thank Them If you're Dangling Off The Side Of A Building And Your Thong Is The Only Thing Keeping You From Falling To Your Death. Despicable: Donald Trump Jr. Just Posted A Photo Of Himself Proudly Posing With A Worm He Shot On The White House Lawn. Worst Possible Timing: Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Aides Are Desperately Trying To Talk Her Out Of Teaching Herself To Do A Front Flip.    Clint Eastwood said WHAT?!. This Non-Profit Is Helping People In Developing Countries Get Clean Drinking Water By Flying Them To A Dasani Vending Machine In Ohio. Compassion FTW: Life Alert Has Released A\nNecklace That Senior Citizens Can Press When They're Bored. Eco-Warriors: These Brave Environmental Activists Have Chained Themselves To A Humpback Whale To Protect It From Japanese Hunters. Atheists Rejoice: Stephen Hawking's Ghost Just Confirmed That God Doesn't Exist, Though There's A Huge Mean Horse In Heaven Who Pretty Much Acts Like God That Everyone Obeys Out Of Fear. Patrick Stewart said WHAT?!. 4 Times LeVar Burton Lost His Shit At A Kid On  "Reading Rainbow " For Not Knowing The Russian Classics.    Huge Fucking Disaster: You Just Did Something Weird. Nature Is Amazing: Researchers Have Discovered\nThat Elephants Experience Mourning When They Drop A Plate Of Nachos Facedown\nOn The Ground. LeBron James said WHAT?!. 5 Common Relationship Issues That Not Even A Good Ol "-Fashioned Train Robbery Can Fix. It's Important To Talk To Your Kids Early About How Shiny And Pretty Coins Are. Jaw-Dropping Inequality: These Charts Reveal The\nShocking Wealth Disparity Between People With $6 Billion And People With $6.5\nBillion. Kate Hudson said WHAT?!.    Coming Clean: Juicy Fruit Has Announced That The White Dust On Their Sticks Of Gum Is Regular-Ass Dust, And If That's A Deal Breaker For You, They Understand. Relaxation Time: These Pretty Good Drawings Of Alex Trebek Are Strangely Soothing. Jesus, They're Really Taking This Hard: The 7 Unaccompanied Toddlers Who Showed Up At My Grandma's Funeral To Mourn And How Intensely Each Was Grieving. Back For Seconds: Eddie Redmayne Just Announced That He's Going To Start Acting Like He's Paralyzed Again. Journalism Fail:  "The New York Times " Has Apologized For Its One-Sentence Stan Lee Obituary That Just Said,  "His Head Fell Off ". Charlize Theron said WHAT?!. Disaster: Man Tries To Use 30 Hats As Blanket.   
 Something Must Have Happened: Nathan Came To School 2 Hours Late In A Suit. The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That She Herself Once Snuck Into Hogwarts To Steal Snape's Underwear And Then Sold It To Perverts On Craigslist For $15 Each. Unsolved Mystery: Nobody\nKnows Where This Coffee Shop Gets The 6 Pastries It Has\nFor Sale Each Morning. Patrick Stewart said WHAT?!. Liberal Hypocrisy: MEDIA GORGON Rachel Maddow Is Criticizing Our Loyal President Even Though She IS THE PRESIDENT. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Toy Story ". The 20 Best Podcasts About Crabs And Crabbing That Have Debuted In 2018.    5 Times Gandalf Tried To Cheer Up A Despondent Frodo Baggins With Stories From Warped Tour. Katy Perry said WHAT?!. A Little Something For The Lisa Kudrow Fans: We Ranked Lisa Kudrow No. 1 On This List Of Most Influential Female Scientists. 5 Of The Toughest Par 3's This\nOld Slut Has Ever Played. Danger Imminent: This\nFamily Has About 30 Seconds To Get Grandpa To The Car Before He Starts Making\nInappropriate Comments About The Production Of  "Hairspray " They Just Saw. Roger Goodell Said What?!. Women Share Truths About Their Periods, At The Duchess " Ball Of All Places!.   
 Sorry: We're Not Really Doing Lists With Sliders Anymore, So There's No Way To Get These Photos Of Ron Perlman With Antlers Back To Normal. 7 Things You Should Never Light On Fire During A Job Interview. Scarlett Johansson Said What?!. Post This Video On Your Local Catholic Parish's Facebook Page To Let Them Know That You Saw A Seagull With A Communion Wafer And You Shot It For Them. Royal Baby Watch! Harry And Meghan Just Carved A Hole In The Side Of The PODS Container Where They Live Through Which Meghan Will Give Birth. Incredible Breakthrough: Medical Researchers At Harvard Have Discovered A Way To Put A Dead Patient's Brain In The Microwave While They Have Sex With Each Other On The Floor. Letting His Baby Grow Up: God Has Finally Given Jesus Permission To Start Wearing A Thong.    Ian McKellen said WHAT?!. This Incredible New Nonprofit Drops Elderly People Off At A Water Park And Hopes They Don't Get Hurt. Every Father Looks Forward To The Day He Can Grind With His Second Wife To  "Love Shack " At His Daughter's Wedding. Bad News,  "Star Wars " Fans: The  "Episode IX " Release Date Has Been Pushed Back 26 Minutes After J.J. Abrams Hits Traffic On His Way To Set. Better Late Than Never: Buzz Aldrin Has Announced That He Forgot To Tell Anyone He Saw A Fox On The Moon. Kelly Ripa said WHAT?!. Movie Fans Rejoice! Maggie Smith Has Signed On To Play The Role Of Elderly Kermit The Frog In An Upcoming Susan B. Anthony Biopic!.    Heartbreaking: Pizza Chef Can't Fit Wooden Spatula Into Mailbox To Get Tax Refund. Score!  "The New York Times " Has A Bunch Of Fresh New Articles Today. 4 Weird Foreign Sports Your Body Keeps Playing After It Dies. Emma Stone said WHAT?!. We Went There! Here Are All The Kardashians Ranked By Their Likelihood. Finally: First Response Has Released A Pregnancy Test Men Can Pee On To Feel Like They're A Part Of It, Too.  "All We Do Is Make Bracelets ": Livestrong Has Announced It Has No Idea Why Its Website Comes Up First When You Google Medical Symptoms.   
 Clint Eastwood Said What?!. Attention Pastors! Share This Video With Your Congregation To Let Them Know You Fucked Up And None Of Them Are Going To Heaven. Huge Freaks Doing Cool Things: The 19 Most Important Milestones In NBA History. Hot Hot Hollywood: Armie Hammer Has Removed His Toupee In Church And Is Using The Severed Leg Of A Flamingo To Push It Toward A Scared Little Boy. Awesome! Koala Kare Has Announced That If There Are Any Adults Out There Who Want To Lie Down On Its Baby-Changing Tables And Change Their Pants, Then Have At It. George R.R. Martin Said What?!. Heartbreaking: Man Can't Enjoy Standing Up Out Of The Limo Sunroof Because He Can Hear His Friends In The Limo Trash Talking His Shorts.   
 Owning Up: The American Medical Association Has Apologized For Still Not Having A More Legitimate-Looking Alternative To Pushing On Your Tongue With A Wood Stick. Body Positivity Fail: Aerie Has Apologized After Putting Out A Modeling Casting Call For  "The Most Heinous, Bizarre-Looking Women Imaginable ". Her Rightful Place: Mother Teresa Has Finally Ascended To Heaven After Serving Her Due Penance In Purgatory For Illegally Torrenting  "Mrs. Doubtfire ". This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Exorcist ". J. Cole Said WHAT?!. What Could Have Been: 4 Scrapped Design Concepts That Paul Thomas Anderson Almost Used For Dirk Diggler's Penis In  "Boogie Nights ". Huge Win: Norway Has Reduced All Of Its Numbers By 97%.   
 A Tragic Loss: 6 Astronauts On The International Space Station Have Died While Attempting To Wear Witch Costumes In Space For Halloween. Mike Rowe said WHAT?!. 5 Signs you're The 900-Pound German Guy Of Your Friend Group. Dangerous Knowledge:\nJerry Seinfeld Has Gone Insane After Attaining Complete Understanding\nOf The Deal With Dry Cleaning. Incredible: Linguists Have Finally Uncovered The English Meaning Of The Phrase  "Sayonara, Suckers ". Steven Spielberg said WHAT?!. Protect Your Gold From Barack Obama.    Incredibly Sad: This Guy Got His College Diploma Framed. Victory For Real Americans: PatriotHole Is Releasing Its First-Ever Video Game,  "Protect Your Gold From Barack Obama ". I'm No Expert, But Elevators Should Do Other Things. Extremely Brave: Strong President Donald Trump Is Courageously Sitting On His Toilet In A Gas Mask While The White House Gets Fumigated. Leonardo DiCaprio said WHAT?!. Beautiful! Habitat For Humanity Just Committed To Building 5,000 Haunted Houses In America's Poorest Regions This October. Personal Transformation: The Entertainer Formerly Known As Cedric Has Changed His Name To The Bluetooth Symbol.   
 Clay Aiken said WHAT?!. Pathetic: Lifeguard Who Swam Out To Rescue What Turned Out To Be A Big Tire Pretends He Knew What It Was And Just Really Wanted A Big Tire. A Sacred Bacchanal: The Fleetwood Mac Cover Band Is In Town For Its Annual Show So It's Time For Mom To Get Completely Wasted Off Two Coronitas And Start Grinding. Disaster: A No-Nonsense Grandma Has Started Hanging Her Laundry Off The St. Louis Arch And Everyone's Too Scared To Tell Her To Stop. It's Bedtime For Henry! Everyone Come And Say Good-Night!. Tom Brady Said What?!. This Incredible Charity Provides Mama With Her Vodka.    Sorry, We Got Nothin ": 0 Tips For Asking Your Boss For\nA Raise. Twitter Explosion: Kenmore Is Going Off After Finding Out That Nobody Uses The Circular Glass Plate That Your Food Rotates On Inside The Microwave As A Regular Plate Too. Ah Jeez: This Kid's Family Is Making Everyone At His Sleepover Say Grace Before Eating Little Caesars. Heidi Klum said WHAT?!. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Lord Of The Rings: The Fellowship Of The Ring ". Let Them Drink: 9 Toddlers Who Are Dressed Like Stylish Little Grown-ups And Therefore Deserve To Be Given Alcohol. Hard-Hitting Journalism: A 7-Year Joint Investigation Between  "The New York Times " And Kevin Hart Has Found That Women Take Too Long To Put On Makeup.   
 Exciting: The Surgeon General Is Holding A Lottery To Exempt One Lucky Pregnant Woman From His Smoking Warning. Anne Hathaway Said WHAT?!. Righting\nWrongs: Subway's New Spokesperson Is A Man Who Gained 300 Pounds Eating Its Sandwiches And Also Has No Plans To Act On His Lust For Children. What The Hell: This Kid Didn't Dry Off From The Pool Before Sticking His Hand Into The Doritos Bag And Now Everyone Else Has To Eat Wet Doritos. \"Tony Drank O.J. Right Out Of The Carton Like A Sicko\": An Oral History of  "The Sopranos " . Adorable! This Elderly Couple Is Celebrating 75 Years Of On Again, Off Again Bullshit. James Corden said WHAT?!.    Heartwarming! Locks Of Love Will Now Donate Hair To Middle-Aged Men Who Have Lost All The Hair On Their Legs From Wearing Dress Socks. Her Magnum Opus: Mom Put A 27-Photo Album On Facebook Of Just Last Night's Dinner. If Any Autistic Kids Are Tryna Go To Prom With Me, I'd Be More Than Happy To Do That Shit (By Logan Paul). Daniel Craig Said What?!. Leading A Double Life: This Guy Who Seems Pretty Normal For The Most Part Also Knows A Ton About Local High School Football. Beautiful Act Of Solidarity: When His Zookeeper Started Chemo Treatments, This Amazing Chimpanzee Pissed In His Own Mouth And Chewed On A Head Of Lettuce. Stephen King Said What?!.   
    , Sneaking Out? Play This Video At Full Volume To Make Your Parents Think you're Asleep In Your Room. Total Time Saver: Thinx Has Released A 10-Inch-Thick Pantsuit That Busy Working Women Can Bleed Into For Up To 6 Years. Frantic Search: Dad Is Asking If Anyone Has Seen His Favorite Quiksilver Shirt That He Got From PacSun In 2007 That's Made Of That Super Soft Material That You Can See His Nipples Through.  "It's A Perfectly Good Name ": Dressbarn Just Announced That It's Just Going To Keep Being Called That. Tom Hanks Said WHAT?!. The Peel: "Ribs" By Sean Wilson. Well I'll Be ... It's The Moon ... Old Gray Tits Himself, In The Flesh ... Los Moonos De Noche ....    The 4 Disgusting People Who Led Me To Abandon The Priesthood After My Hand Touched Their Tongue While Feeding Them A Communion Wafer. Devastating: This Woman Spent Years Going To Doctor After Doctor Looking For A Diagnosis For Her Condition Before Finding Out She Had A 5-Foot-Long Sword Going Through Her Head. Sarah Paulson Said WHAT?!. 5 Enchanted Animals That Whimsically Dress Me Up Like Snow White Every Fucking Morning Even Though I Work At An Investment Bank And Obviously Can't Show Up Dressed Like That. Epic Clapback: Ariana Grande Has Responded To Online Trolls By Transforming Into A Sturdy Oak Tree That Can Neither See Nor Hear Their Taunts. The Power Of Teamwork: This Incredible Group Of 5-Year-Olds Came Together To Kill A Horse. Priyanka Chopra Said WHAT?!.   
 Absolutely Pathetic: Just 10 Minutes Into This Sleepover, This Boy Is Already Laying The Groundwork For Calling His Mom To Come Take Him Home Early. Interview Essentials: Job Recruiters Say Riding Into An Interview On A Bejeweled Elephant Increases Your Chances Of Getting Hired By 5%. Incredible Timing: The Backlash Against The Wellness Industry Has Coincided Perfectly With This Man's Commitment To Not Making Any Meaningful Changes In His Life. Share This Video On The Rock's Facebook Page To Politely Ask If You Can Borrow His WWE Championship Belt To Wear To An Important Job Interview. Gisele Bundchen Said WHAT?!. Yoda Is Supposed To Be Just A Normal Guy (By George Lucas). In The Presence Of Greatness: This Man Watching Porn At The Public Library Has No Idea That He's Sitting One Table Away From The Best History Student In Mrs. Miller's Whole 4th-Grade Class.    5 Actors Who Were Rappers Right After They Went On To Become Rude To Fans Immediately Before They Were Poor Which Was At The Same Time That They Were Famous And Also They Used To Be Jerks. ClickHole's Official Binge Guide To  "Riverdale ". Anne Hathaway Said What?!. Scared Straight: This Program Pairs At-Risk Privileged Youth With White-Collar Criminals To Show Them The Horrors Of House Arrest. 5 Times Bob Costas Tried To Give Himself Pink Eye Again Since The 2014 Winter Olympics. Disney World Has Launched A New DNA Testing Service Where You Send Them A Sample Of Your Vomit To Find Out If Your Ancestors Ever Puked On Space Mountain. Vanna White said WHAT?!.   
 The Peel: \"Terminal Dipshit\" by Oscar Mariano. 6 BAD Meals (Do Not Make Them). Huge Oversight:  "Jeopardy " Is Reclaiming Thousands Of Dollars From Ken Jennings After Rewatching The Tapes And Realizing He Didn't Get A Single Question Right. Price Of Hubris: This Kid Who Said He Was Old Enough To Bowl Without Bumpers Just Rolled 8 Gutter Balls In A Row And Now He's Crying In The Back Room Reserved For Parties. Clapping Back! Bernie Sanders Just Absolutely Smacked Down Haters On Twitter By Pointing Out That He Is Old As Hell And Doing Amazing. 7 Modern Dating Rules That Don't Mean Shit In The Swamp. Emergency Recall: Rogaine Is Pulling Its Product From Shelves After Discovering That It Has The Unintended Side Effect Of Doubling Customers " Penis Sizes.   
 Fundamental Misunderstanding Of Adventure: An Investigation Into This Couple's #SaturdayAdventures Hashtag Reveals That Most Of Their  "Adventures " Are Just Going To Restaurants. Meghan Markle said WHAT?!. Class Action Lawsuit: If Your Head Has Been Stuck In A Bugles Vending Machine For Over 10 Years, You May Be Entitled To A Free Pack Of Bugles.  "He's Not A Good Character At All ": Disney Has Announced That It's Honestly Pretty Baffled By The Continued Popularity Of Mickey Mouse. Orlando Bloom said WHAT?!. Tragic: Man On House Arrest Can't Go Over To His Neighbor's Yard Where He's Giving Out Free Spankings. The Mischief Master\nStrikes Again! Bill Murray\nSurprised This Lucky Fan By Tumbling Dead Out Of The Overhead Bin After A\n16-Hour Flight To Japan.    I Am Still Hungover From The 2009 Beer Summit\n(by Barack Obama). Silent Hero: This Dog Has No Idea It Is Single-Handedly Supporting Nearly Every Conversation At This Party. David Schwimmer said WHAT?!. So Sweet! When This Little Girl Was Scared There Were Monsters Under Her Bed, Her Dad Shined A Flashlight Down There To Show Her It Was Just Some Normal Guys. Crisis For Christianity? Biblical Scholars Have Discovered That The 12 Apostles Considered Jesus More Like The Fez Of Their Friend Group Than Their Leader. Serena Williams said WHAT?!. The Peel: "Life Instruction Manual" By Debbie Pollard.     "[Skateboarding] [Has Always Been] The [Thing] [I Am Good At] ": These 5 Tony Hawk Quotes Originally Made No Fucking Sense And Have Been Very Heavily Edited For Clarity. The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That After Harry's Class Graduated, Hagrid Basically Had No Friends Anymore And When He Died It Took People 3 Days To Notice . 7 Things To Know Before Taking Your First Shit. Tom Hanks WHAT?!. End Of An Era: The 6th-Grader Who Wore The Same Green Day Shirt From Kohl's For The First 18 Days Of School Is Finally Wearing Other Clothes Now . 4 So-Called Advanced Civilizations That Couldn't Even Fucking Invent Soda. Sure, Whatever: Ben Stiller Just Announced He's Changing The Tagline Of  "DodgeBall " From  "Grab Life By The Ball " To  "How A Couple Of Average Joes Saved The Day ".    Cary Fukunaga said WHAT?!. Medical Crisis: George H.W. Bush Has Been Rushed To The Hospital For Emergency Lip Gigantification Surgery. The Power Of Community: This Town Rallied Around A Guy With A Big Snake To Check Out The Big Snake. Powerful: These Veterans Recount The Heroics Of The One Lifeguard Who Was On Duty During D-Day. Beautiful: When The People In This Town Realized One Of Their Neighbors Didn't Have Money To Buy A Car, They Didn't Coordinate And All Got Cars For Him. Champion Of Animal Rights: PETA's New Ad Campaign Features A Naked Bill Gates Begging People Not To Wear A Trench Coat Made Out Of Worms. Stephen King Said WHAT?! .    Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far With Its Episode Where Ernie Microwaves Himself While The Words  "NO LESSON TODAY " Flash On-Screen?. Get Ready To Key His Car: 5 Signs Your Boyfriend Is Constipated Behind Your Back. This Will Change The Way You Watch 'Mulholland Drive'. Inspiring Bravery: This Heroic Civilian Ran Right Up To A Burning Building.  "Trust Us, You Don't Want Our Plan B ": GOP Lawmakers Are Trying To Win Support For Brett Kavanaugh By Insisting That He's Pretty Much The Friendliest Sexual Predator They've Got. The Peel: \"Election Night 2016\" By Sandra Bracco. Stunning Revelation: A 10-Year Sleep Study At Princeton Has Revealed That Dreaming Is Your Brain's Way Of Thinking About Weird Stuff.    Beauty Win: Maybelline Has Released A New Short-Lasting Lip Stain That's Bold And Vibrant In Your Bathroom Mirror But Fades Before You Go Out In Public And Feel Weird About It. Heartbreaking: The Thing You Want Is All The Way Over There. Tom Hanks Said WHAT?! . Exciting For Them: A Team Of Archaeologists Has Just Uncovered A Rock That Kind Of Looks Like Their Friend. Poor Kid: Eddie Vedder Just Said Something Rude About Donald Trump So Now This 8-Year-Old Has To Listen To His Dad Yell About Eddie Vedder For 2 Weeks. Game Changer: Blue Apron Will Now Pick Up Your Finished Meals And Show Them To Your Ex To Prove You Have Your Shit Together. Fascinating.   
 5 Of Your Friends Who Are Wearing Reasonable Dresses To Homecoming, So I'm Not Sure Why You Can't Wear Something A Little More Sensible. Incredible: This Amazing Artist Depicted What John Lennon Would Look Like If He Were Alive Today And Far Away. America's Middle Class Is Being Erased By Income\nInequality Like The Scientists Erased From Existence After The Clone-otaur Changes\nThe Past In My Screenplay  "Chronotaur 3: Hoof Of History ". No Excuse: This Kid Who's Rich Enough To Have A Full-Blown Basketball Court In His Backyard Is By Far The Shittiest Basketball Player On His Team. Tiffany Haddish Said WHAT?! . Catastrophic Misstep: The Reptile Guy At This School Assembly Just Handed A Huge Snake To The Most Straight-Up Insane Kid In Fifth Grade. Ultimate Humiliation: This 7th-Grade Boy's Mom Made Him Go Into Victoria's Secret With Her While She Shopped For Thongs, And All His Classmates Were Watching From The Auntie Anne's Across The Mall.   
 Beautiful Moment: Woman Comes Out To The Pair Of Arms Growing Out Of Her Wall And They Start Applauding. Here Is Your Word Of The Day!. Bad News, Gamers: Nintendo Revealed That\nIn The Next  "Animal Crossing " Your Character Can't Find Work And Stays Home\nPlaying  "Animal Crossing " During Their Unemployment. He Was Rich. She Was Rich. Then, They Got Married ...To Each Other.. The Game Is Afoot: An Infamous Gentleman Thief Just Sent DreamWorks A Calling Card Announcing His Intention To Illegally Download  "Antz ". Heartbreaking: There Is Clearly A Ninja Turtle Under The White Sheet At This Murder Scene. Social Media Meltdown: Barilla Just Sent Out A Tweetstorm Claiming It Thought Of The Tagline  "Just Do It " Years Before Nike Did.    Beto O'Rourke Said WHAT?! . The Peel: \"Father Becomes Child\" By Lydia Thomas. David Beckham Said WHAT?! . You Must Learn Them: 6 Secrets For Enjoying A Big Cup Of Soda. The FDA Now Recommends Trying This Oatmeal Stout They Think You Would Like. Jumping The Gun: This Kid On A Road Trip Just Started Pissing Into A Bottle Without Even Asking His Parents To Find Him A Bathroom Or Anything. Mondays Are The Worst!.   
 Environmental Win: Scientists Just Cut Down The World's Oldest Tree After It Went Over 5,000 Years Without Giving Us A Single Goddam Apple. Worth The Hassle: 5 Reasons To Consider Changing Your Tampon. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Said WHAT?! . The Power Of Community: When This Town Discovered One Of Its Neighbors Was Walking 70 Miles A Day To Masturbate In The Forest, It Came Together And Bought Him A Lamborghini So He Could Drive There In Style. Some Shit's About To Go Down: This Health Teacher Just Announced That Her Classroom Is A Judgment-Free Zone. Sir? Yes, You There, Fellow! Perchance Might We Interest You In A Miraculous Enlargement Of The Penis?. Quiz For Firefighters: What's Some Of The Cool-Ass Fire Shit you've Seen At Work?.   
 Deeply Sad: Guy Who Came In Last Place In An Elvis Lookalike Contest Gets Drunk Alone In A Dive Bar. Overstepping Her Bounds: J.K. Rowling Has Announced That Daenerys From  "Game Of Thrones " Has Crohn's Disease. Bold New Strategy: Febreze Has Released A New Line Of Guns To Shoot Your Dog With If It Starts To Smell. The Dalai Lama Said WHAT?! . Where IS He??????. Good Samaritan: Man Shouts Sex Talk To Boy Stuck At Bottom Of Well. BLAMMO! When The BAD MAN Came Into The House, The Gun Was Use And It KILL: His Body.    Whoa, Slow Down There, Buddy. Nobody Dates My Daughter Without Telling Me Which  "Sailor Moon' Character They Are First. 7 Venmo Transactions Between Luke And Owen Wilson That Make It Seem Like They've Been Practicing Dentistry On Each Other. Look Who Came Crawling Back: The Filthy Public Toilet Stall You Thought You Were Too Good For Turned Out To Be Your Best Option. Ed Sheeran Said WHAT?! . Bad Game Design: This Incredibly Lifelike Simulation Of New York City Is Ruined By The Unrealistic Presence Of A Spider-Themed Crimefighter. 4 Times Shaquille O "Neal Tried To Use The Fact That He Is Tall To Get Out Of Paying At Bed Bath & Beyond. Car Of The Future: Elon Musk Has Revealed That The Next Tesla Will Feature A Ziploc Bag Of Cashews In The Glove Compartment.    Back For Seconds: Barack Obama Has Once Again Invited Ahmed To His House To Get Another Look At That Sweet Goddamn Clock He Built. Such An Incredible Achievement! . Post This Video On Your Facebook Wall To Let Everyone Know Your Son Has Been Ruled Out As A Suspect In Your Husband's Murder!. Absolutely Devastating: The Members Of U2 Have Announced That Bono Is Going To Get Bonked On The Head By A Coconut And Die In Exactly 3 Years. The Grouchiest Album Imaginable: An Oral History Of The Red Hot Chili Peppers "  "Californication ". Neil deGrasse Tyson Said WHAT?! . 5 Awesome  "90s Toys That You Can Rub On Your Legs In The Dark.    Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far When It Showed Bert And Ernie Dragging Their Human Puppeteer Dead Behind The Back Of Their Car To Teach Children About Mutiny?. I Love My Children, But Not Enough To Make Them Corn On The Cob. How Many Of These Needlessly Hostile Ways Have You RSVP "d To Someone's Baby Shower?. Bear Grylls Said WHAT?! . Complete Disaster: Yao Ming Has Ruined A Jewish Wedding By Accidentally Hoisting The Married Couple Through A Ceiling During The Hora. Legends Of Sports: The Incredible Story Of When John McEnroe & Babe Ruth Beat Jesse Owens & Kristi Yamaguchi In A Three-Legged Race. Plop Your Infant In Front Of These Pictures Of Gore Vidal While You Go Spend A Week In Las Vegas! [Sponsored By The Las Vegas Tourism Board].    Does Brett Kavanaugh's 1996 Legal Essay  "Donald Trump Should Be Allowed To Commit Crimes If He Becomes President " Disqualify Him From The Supreme Court?. Giada De Laurentiis Said WHAT?! . A Few Half Ideas For Getting My Son Off The Roof. Chivalry Isn't Dead: Man Warms Up Shivering Girlfriend With His Toupee. Sasha And Malia Refuse To Smoke Cigarettes With Me, So I Will Never Speak To Them Again (By Barack Obama). The Backlash Continues: Colin Kaepernick Is Joining The Nike Boycott After Learning It Doesn't Make Top Hats. PR Disaster: Nike Is Under Fire After It Released An Ad Featuring A Photo Of Colin Kaepernick That Was Way Too Close Up.    Seizing The Moment: Amid Backlash Over Nike's New Colin Kaepernick Ad, Skechers Just Released A Commercial Boasting That They're Spineless Cowards Who Stand For Nothing. Morrissey Said WHAT?! . The Mystery Lives On: Researchers At Oxford Have Concluded That they'll Never Know How Outback Steakhouse Bread Can Be So Dark Brown But Taste Regular. The Peel: \"Jump Rope With A Rat Tail\" By Daniel Twine. No Big News For Bagels: The Bagel Industry Just Issued Its Daily 600-Page Report On The State Of The Bagel Industry And Nothing Major Has Changed Since Yesterday. Tom Hanks Said WHAT?! . 4 Encounters Between An Alien Civilization And A U.S. President That Didn't Matter And Were A Big Waste Of Time.    How Many Of These Ways Has Your Mom Referred To Joe Camel When Struggling To Remember His Name? . Environmental Win: Conservationists Are Taking White Rhinos Off The Endangered Species List After The Bronx Zoo Found A Bunch In The Back. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Said WHAT?! . Disloyal Piece Of Shit: This Middle Schooler Casually Switched From Playing The Clarinet To The Alto Saxophone, So He "ll Almost Certainly Cheat On His Wife Someday. Heartwarming: When This Subway Employee Had To Walk 20 Miles To Work Because He Couldn't Afford A Car, The CEO Of Subway Drove Alongside Him To Cheer Him On. Friendless Loser? Play This Video At Maximum Volume To Make Your Neighbors Think You Have Lots Of Friends Over For A 'Point Break' Viewing Party!. Which Grievances Do You Wish To Bring Before The King?.    It's Almost The Weekend! . Randy Jackson Said WHAT?!. What Did You Think Of My Homemade Mead? Be Honest.. Incredible Promotion: If You Go To The Store And Buy 5 Cowboy Hats And Send ClickHole A Picture Of Yourself Wearing Your Favorite One, You Can Keep Them All, No Questions Asked. Hot Hot Hollywood: Drew Carey Has Been Standing In A Barnes & Noble For 3 Hours Feeling The Embossed Letters On The Cover Of  "Ripley's Believe It Or Not! 2015 " With His Eyes Closed. This Beautiful Fan-Made Prince Tribute Couldn't Get The Rights To  "Purple Rain, " So They Got A Local Opera Singer To Sing A Similar Song Called  "Sex Guy Loves To Be Purple ". People Open Up About How They Started Believing In God After Finding A Big Bag Of Laundry In A Barn.   
 Everything Is So Disgusting Right Now. A Historic Summit: Donald Trump Just Finished A Marathon Day Of Diplomatic Talks With A Man In A Freddy Krueger Costume Who Introduced Himself As The King Of Scotland. How Many Of These MTV Dating Shows From The Early 2000s Have You Watched?. He Is Obviously More Important! . Ultimate Disrespect: The White House Is Still Flying Its Flag Depicting John McCain Being Confused By A Pinecone. Millie Bobby Brown Said WHAT?! . In Life, There Is Nothing More Difficult Than When You Drop Something On The Ground.    4 Episodes of  "Modern Family " Where Manny Married A 90-Year-Old Woman Who Kept Him In A Birdcage And His Parents Forced Him To Get A Divorce. Something Must Have Happened: The Jester's Vibe Was Just A Little Off For Some Reason During His Last Performance And No One Is Sure Why. Mindy Kaling Said WHAT?!. Miracle Worker: Justin Came Through With The Xannies Yet Again Like The God He Is. This Amazing Start-Up Made By MIT GRADS Can Tell You What Kind Of Wine You Love To Buy From HARVARD GRADS With Rose At YALE. 4 Recipes We Can't Make Now Because The Harvest This Year Was Absolutely Terrible. Share This Video To Fig Newton's Facebook Page To Let Them Know you've Got A Semi Full Of Really Nice Figs you're Looking To Unload Reaaaaaal Cheap.       , 5 Times A Bearded Man Threw A Dead Owl At Me And Told Me I Was Going To Hogwarts. Adele Said WHAT?!. Incredible Life Hack: The Wealthy Are Now Buying Spots In Heaven From The Church Before They Die. Unquestioned Alpha Of The Bathroom: This Guy Has BOTH Hands Up On The Wall Over The Urinal And Is Letting Loose A Kingly Sigh While Taking An Absolutely Marathon Piss. Mind Of A Master: Martin Scorsese's 10 Rules For How To Eat Peanuts. Ronda Rousey Said WHAT?!. So Close: Woman In Fairytale Kisses Frog But It Just Turns Into Frog With Human Hand.    5 Tips For Staying Cool In Your Knight Suit This Summer Even Though It's Definitely Hard To Focus On That Kind Of Thing When You Are Fighting In A Battle. Animal Rights FTW: This Amazing Russian Organization Provides Orphaned Bears With Free Tricycles And Boxing Gloves. The Duality Of Man: This Little Boy's Screams Are Similar To Those Of A Little Bitch. Barack Obama Said WHAT?!. This Will Change The Way You Watch \"Star Wars: Episode IV -- A New Hope\". "I Don't Know Why You Don't Do It": Moms Have Announced That Wearing Pantyhose Under Jeans Is Normal. Extremely Polite: This Kid On Vacation With His Friend's Family Hasn't Taken A Shit For The Last 6 Days.    George W. Bush Said WHAT?!. Liberal Hypocrisy: When Obama Was President Democrats Were Okay With Him Being President, But When Trump Is President Suddenly It's Wrong To Be President?. 4 Times My Dad Ate A Single Oyster And Started Acting Like The Horniest Person In The World Because He Read Online They Were An Aphrodisiac. Intelligence Setback: The CIA Is In Crisis Mode After ISIS Made Its Instagram Private. How Bad Do You Wish You Were King Arthur?. Jousting Is Great And All, But There's Got To Be A Better Way For Us To Entertain Ourselves That Doesn't Involve Riding A Horse Full-Speed Into Someone And Then Getting Hit By A Huge Wooden Stick. Incredible Innovation: This Device Called The  "Catapult " Allows You To Shoot Things Over Walls And We Are So Here For It.    6 Ways To Avoid The Bubonic Plague This Fall. 5 Weird Peasants Who Have Really Accepted This Whole  "Work 12 Grueling Hours Every Day Until You Die " Thing. Must Be Nice: These Donkeys Seem To Have No Idea That The Castle Is On Fire Right Now. Epic Clapback: Wendy's\nPosted A Sassy Tweet About Burger King Freezing Its Beef, And The CEO Of\nBurger King Responded With A Video Of Him Killing Himself. 5 Favorite Skinny TV Lady Who Love To EAT. Oliver Stone Said WHAT?! . Are Your Parents Letting You Get A Tattoo Because They Don't Care In A Cool Way Or In A Sad Way?.   
 A Beautiful Send Off: School Scatters Longtime Janitor's Ashes To Clean Up Kid's Puke. 6 Celebrities That Share A Birthday With A Guy. Is This You?. Devastating: Kid Makes The  "Pull Horn' Sign But The Trucker Accidentally Pulls The Self Destruct Cord. He Did Kindly Arrive! The Rock Dwayne Johnson Just BLASTED His Car Through The Wall Of This Daycare Center To Show The Toddlers His Long, Gray Wizard's Beard. Absolutely Amazing: Biblical Scholars Have Discovered That Christ's Eyes Were Much Lower Down On His Face Than Previously Believed. ClickHole Is Experimenting With Non-Viral Content That Nobody Wants To Click On, So Here Are Some Pictures Of Unremarkable Crows.    Mila Kunis Said WHAT?! . What The Fuck Did You Do To Kings Of Leon, You Monster?!. The Splendor Of Nature: Man Sets Up Easel By Lake To Paint Goth Fred Flintstone. Poseidon Incarnate: This Little Boy At The Beach Is Standing At The Shoreline With His Bathing Suit Down Peeing Directly Into The Waves. Larry David Said WHAT?! . ATTENTION: 4 SUMMER SALAD RECIPES. ADVERTENCIA: 4 ENSALADAS PARA EL VERANO. ACHTUNG: 4 SOMMERSALATE.. BEWARE! .    Public Health Win: Coca-Cola Is Releasing A New Line Of Sprite That Turns Blue If Anyone Shits In The Sprite. How Much Rowdy Mischief Have You Gotten Up To With The Fellas?. Whoa: Morgan Put Her Hair In A Perfect Messy Bun Without A Mirror During Her Vehicular Manslaughter Trial. Ringo Starr Said WHAT?! . Ay, Papi!. In The Hospital? Play This Video At Maximum Volume To Make The Patient On The Other Side Of The Curtain Think you're Currently Receiving A Visit From John Leguizamo. Ah, Fuck: The Brunch Place Your Friend Picked Is\nCalled  "Pantry & Ladle, " Which Probably Means It's Expensive As\nHell.    Crisis In The Church: Pope Francis Apparently Doesn't Realize Everyone Can See Him If He Gets Naked Inside The Glass Booth In The Popemobile.  "I Only Did A Rap For President Obama Because He Promised To Name Nevada After Me ": 5 Questions With Lin-Manuel Miranda. Ben Stein Said WHAT?! . A Major Advantage: Microsoft Has Released A New Xbox Controller With Pre-Mushed-In Buttons That You Can Make Your Friend Use Since It's Your House. Heartbreaking: Soldier Returning Home From Afghanistan Completely Overshadowed By Other Family Member Returning Home From Adult Video Store. 5 Times Matt Damon Used His Platform To Make A Neutral Statement About Fat Camp. Jesus Christ: This 8-Year-Old Who Is An Uncle Must Have Had Some Wild Shit Go Down In His Family.   
 Janelle Monae Said WHAT?!. Tough Farewell: Man Tearfully Cooks Breakfast Meats On The Blazing Hot Asteroid That Landed On His Elderly Mother. Remember The Good Old Days?. Kelsey Grammer And David Hyde Pierce Were Brothers In Real Life For A Brief Period In 1987: Everything You Need To Know About  "Frasier ". Hot Hot Hollywood: Danny DeVito Has Been Spotted Sweeping The Grass Median In The Middle Of Rodeo Drive With A Small Umpire Brush In Search Of Fossils . The Experience Of A Lifetime: Beyonce Brought A Lucky Fan Down Into The Sewer And Let Them Sing  "you're A Grand Old Flag ". Michelle Obama Said WHAT?! .   
 How Many Of These Amendments To The Hertz Rental Car Agreement Were Because Of Something You Did?. Merriam-Webster Is Removing  "Love " From The Dictionary Because No Definition Could\nPossibly Do It Justice. Embarrassing Mistake: The Person Who Made The Credits For \"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri\" Clearly Forgot Everyone's Name Who Worked On The Film. Wonderful! Everyone In This Office Cheers And Hugs Each Other Every Day At 5 P.M. Because That's When They All Get To Go Home And Have Diarrhea. Bobby Flay Said WHAT?! . Share Your New Name In The Comments! . Heartbreaking: This Woman Is Always There For Her Friends But Gives God-Awful Advice.    I'm With Dad: 4 Reasons Why Me And Dad Think The Old Howard Stern Wouldn't Even Recognize The New Politically Correct Howard Stern . Did You Know This? . Anthony Hopkins Said WHAT?! . Aloha! ClickHole's Treasure Is On Vacation In\nHawaii. Resistance Win: This Restaurant Just Refused To Serve Steve Bannon Dinner Because It Closes At 3 p.m.. The Ultimate Superfan: This Man Spent $250,000 On Plastic Surgery To Look Like The Cast Of  "Riverdale ". In Reality, Amy Adams Is Nothing Like Her Character Because She's Already Solved Every Murder In Her Hometown: Everything You Need To Know About  "Sharp Objects ".    Chance The Rapper Said WHAT?! . Members Of The Lead Task Force In Charge Of Making Sure Elvis Didn't Die On The Toilet Talk About What Went Wrong. 5 Times The Brooklyn Nets Played Basketball. Mindfulness FTW: This Amazing Company Offers Free Meditation Classes To Its Employees To Give Them The Inner Calm They Need To Stop Stressing About Their Terrible Health Insurance. Such Assholes: The 7 Wisecracking Fetuses Who Live In My Microwave, Whom I Hate. Baseball Is Incredible! . Jay-Z Said WHAT?! .   
 The Full Title Of The Show Is  "American Posing Story ": Everything You Need To Know About  "Pose ". Pope Francis Is Aggressively Campaigning On Twitter For  "Holy Eucharist " To Win Lay's New Flavor Contest. Share This Video With Your Landlord To Let Them Know That A Reliable Pig Is Subletting Your Apartment. Heartbreaking: A  "Price Is Right " Contestant Just Won A Dryer That Drew Carey Has Clearly Been Living In. Bernie Sanders Said WHAT?! .  "In Office, I Only Ate 7 Almonds A Day. As A Private Citizen, I'll Spoil Myself With 8, Even 9 Almonds A Day Sometimes ": 5 Questions With Barack Obama. SHARE This Video On Olive Garden's Wall Demanding That They Give Robert Mueller Free Pasta For Life In Recognition Of His Heroic Defense Of Democracy.    Complete Disaster: This Middle School Had A Sex Ed Assembly About The Importance Of Microwaving Condoms Before And After Intercourse And The Guest Speaker Tried To Break A Cinder Block With His Head And Gave Himself A Concussion. 3 Bible Stories That You Can Bet Would Have Turned Out Very Differently If Jackie Chan Had Been There. LeBron James Said WHAT?! . Major Backfire: This 13-Year-Old's Attempts To Untag Himself From All Facebook Pictures With His 400-Pound Aunt Have Only Made His Friends More Fascinated With Her. Changing Digital Economy: The FDNY Has Laid Off 80 Percent Of Its Firefighters Because It Isn't Getting Enough Traffic On FDNY.Org. 4 Service Dogs Who "d Rather Be Fucking Right Now. Dangerous Teen Trend: It's Called  "Worrying That Donald Trump's Supreme Court Nominee Will Overturn Vital U.S. Civil Rights Decisions, " And It's What Millions Of U.S. Adolescents Are OBSESSED With Today.   
 Find Out What Mike Huckabee, Jimmy Kimmel, And Donald Glover Have To Say. Great Life Hack! . Entering A New Market: Listerine Has Asked Anyone Who Is Planning To Clean The Viscera Off A Newborn Baby In A Bucket Of Mouthwash To Choose Listerine.  "People Constantly Confuse Isla Fisher And Me For Danny Bonaduce ": 5 Questions With Amy Adams. Privacy Violation: If you've Started Noticing\nBananas That Look Like You, you're Not The Only Facebook User Whose Data Has\nBeen Sold To Chiquita. While I Don't Relish Gutting Newspaper Payrolls, Unfortunately Sometimes It's Necessary So That I Can Have Slightly More Money. Find Out What Michael Phelps, Bill Nye, And Kirk Cameron Have To Say.    Heartbreaking: This Buck-Toothed Gorilla Is Too Dumb-Looking To Ever Scare Poachers Away From His Children. Mom's 5 Friends, Ranked By How Weird Their Eyebrows Are. Costly Mistake: Man Trapped In Burning House Accidentally Calls For Barbershop Quartet Instead Of Firefighters. 10 Krill That Daddy\nLikey. Deeply Troubling: Cheese Nips Just Put Out A\nVague Announcement About How We Will All Rue The Day We Let Cheese Nips Play\nSecond Fiddle To Cheez-Its . Find Out What Dwayne Johnson, Paul Rudd, And Florence Welch Have To Say. Teachers Are So Important! .    ATTENTION, SHOWTIME: ClickHole Will Now Audition To Take Over As Admin Of The Official  "Dexter " Facebook And Twitter Accounts.  "When you've Got The Longest, Cutest Eyelashes In The Rap Game Like I Do, you're Gonna Be A Target For Beef ": 5 Questions With Drake. Heartbreaking: This Mom Just Shit Her Pants In Front Of Her Entire Family On What Was Supposed To Be A Special Day With All The Kids Back From College And Everything. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Taxi Driver ". 5 Signs you're Not Emotionally Mature Enough To Stick Fireworks Up Your Ass. Find Out What Christopher Nolan, Clint Eastwood, And Erykah Badu Have To Say. Shameful:  "InStyle " Magazine Is Getting Slammed For Photoshopping A Perfect Hourglass Figure Onto Kate Upton's Ultrasound.   
 Social Media Misfire: Applebee's Has Apologized After Tweeting That 9/11 Was A  "Big Mood " With A Picture Of A Hamburger . 6 Items On My Bucket List That I Was Able To Cross Off After Just One Trip To Long John Silver's. Heartbreaking: This Woman Doesn't Know Enough French To Ask The Predator To Vacate Her Garage. The Show's Most Controversial Episode Featured The Fab Five Forcing A Baby To Grow A Beard: Everything You Need To Know About  "Queer Eye ". Remember When? . How Dare You Waste Time Looking At These Cool Surfing GIFs While Trump Occupies The White House. Find Out What Shaquille O'Neal, Tim Cook, And Jessica Chastain Have To Say.    Marketing Win: Ray-Ban Won An Award\nFor Its Incredible  "Ray-Ban 90% Off True Authentic Ray-Bans\nJust $19.99 " Social Media Ad Campaign. Incredible: This High Schooler With A Father Stationed In Iraq Got The Surprise Of A Lifetime On Graduation Day When He Accidentally Walked In On His Mom Showering. Incredible Sacrifice: This Mom Went Without Food For Days At A Time So Her Children Could Have A Smoking-Hot Mom. Are You Being Forced To Move To A New School Several Times A Year Because Your Dad's In The Army Or Because He Loves The Army?. Find Out What Ariana Grande, John Cena, And Kirk Douglas Have To Say. We Can Do This! . 5 Ways Different Cultures Look At Death That Will Make You Feel Better About Accidentally Backing Over Your Mailman.     "I Was The First Person To Play In A World Cup While Wearing A Tuxedo And A "Scream" Mask ": 5 Questions With Lionel Messi. Taking Responsibility: Mark Zuckerberg Has Announced That Any Articles Posted On Facebook Will Now Go Through Strict Vetting To Make Sure They Align With The Company's Tireless Commitment To Generating Massive Amounts Of Revenue. Real-Life Black Widow? Sure, You Nerds Will Eat That Up. This\nCaptured Russian Spy Is Real-Life Black Widow. This List Of Kids Holding Up Signs Saying That StarKist Tuna Gives Them The Energy They Need To Bully Their Classmates Will Only Come Down If StarKist Pays Us $90 Million. Share This Video On Paul Simon's Facebook Page To Tell Him That You Have Art Garfunkel Tied To A Chair And Are Dutifully Awaiting His Instructions On How To Proceed. 4 Times Paul And Ringo Excitedly Called A Meeting To Reunite The Beatles Before Remembering That John And George Are Dead. Company In Crisis: Netflix's Stock Is Plummeting As More Americans\nDiscover The Simple Joy Of Ant Farms.   
 Hypocrisy Much: These Elementary School Students Have Been Taunting Their Weird Classmate Even Though All Children Are Strange As Hell. Find Out What Pope Francis, Elon Musk, And Eric Bana Have To Say. Wow.. Following Abuse Allegations Against Chris Hardwick,  "Talking Preacher " Will Now Be Hosted By A Trash Can Full Of Wet Leaves: Everything You Need To Know About  "Preacher ". Heartbreaking: Butchers Tell Stories About The Time Their Salami Rolled Away. Find Out What Alton Brown, Gene Hackman, And Noam Chomsky Have To Say. Baby Steps: China Has Finally Made It Illegal To Chain A Live Bear At The Front Of Your Driveway And Surgically Attach A Mailbox On Its Head.    A Master Of Secrets: This Woman Won't Loosen Her Grip On Her Phone While Showing Everyone A Picture Of A Dog. Twitter Meltdown: Del Monte Tweeted A Heartfelt Tribute To The Father Of Modern Green Beans And It's Getting Really Worked Up That People Don't Seem Upset By His Death. Let Your Parents Know! . Touching: Comedians Talk About The First Time Johnny Carson Invited Them Up On His Roof To Shotgun A Diet Dr Pepper . Market In Chaos: The Sudden Addition Of 3\nPristine Copies Of  "Shallow Hal " To This Thrift Store Has Tanked The Value Of\nThe Store's Other 2 Copies Of  "Shallow Hal " . Find Out What LeBron James, Francis Ford Coppola, And Salma Hayek Have To Say. The Peel: \"I Ate A Burger Off The Ground\" By Lydia Thomas.     "To Prepare For Holding A Briefcase On "Deal Or No Deal," I Had To Get Into The Headspace Of A Madman ": 5 Questions With Meghan Markle. Careful What You Wish For: This Man's Life Was Completely Ruined After He Won $7 On A Scratch-Off Lottery Ticket. Clear Collusion: Upon Meeting, Trump And Putin Immediately Launched Into A 5-Minute Handshake And Chant That Made It Pretty Obvious They Went To The Same Fat Camp Last Year. Order Restored: The Guy In The Office Who Was Always Watching The World Cup Is Back To Having Nothing. Take That, Drumpf! British Protesters Flew A Trump Baby Balloon To Symbolize That He Is Full Of Innocent Love And Infinite Curiosity. Find Out What Selena Gomez, Dame Maggie Smith, And Kevin Durant Have To Say. 5 Places Where Disney Could Have Hidden Sexual Imagery In  "The Emperor's New Groove " If It'd Had The Fuckin' Stones.   
 I Didn't Spend $150,000 Saving A Squirrel's Life So It Could Live In Trump's America. End Of An Era: Kellogg's Is Shutting Down Eggo After Its CEO Had A Freaky Dream About Waffles. Find Out What Barack Obama, Warren Buffett, And Anne Rice Have To Say.  "I Draw A Dinosaur On The Stomach Of Every Pregnant Woman I See ": 5 Questions With Jeff Goldblum. We Need To Help Out Mark! . Find Out What Rashida Jones, Kathryn Bigelow, And Rowan Atkinson Have To Say. Possibility Of Eternal Life: This Silicon Valley Start-Up Will Put Your Picture On A Roomba After You Die.   
 Daring To Dream: Jeff Bezos Is Standing Outside A Guitar Center Gazing Longingly At A $200 Billion Guitar. Medical Breakthrough: When This Man's Hulk Hands Were Destroyed In A Car Accident, Doctors Built Him State-Of-The-Art Prosthetic Hulk Hands. Very Interesting!. I Am The Famous Ape Inspector Jane Goodall. Ask Me Anything About Apes And Living In The Jungle With Them.. Heartwarming: This Dad Built A Life-Size Aggro Crag For His Sons Who Have No Idea What The Fuck That Is. Share This Video With Your Local Fire Department To Let Them Know That The Library Is On Fire. Hardcore Gamers\nOnly:  "Overwatch " Is Increasing Its Difficulty By Adding A\nSenior-Citizen Character That's A Financial Drain And Emotional Burden On Their\nWhole Team.   
  "Jonah Hill Is The Only Actor Worthy Of Playing Jesus Christ ": 5 Questions With Robert De Niro. Find Out What Bindi Irwin, Jared Diamond, And David Hyde Pierce Have To Say. Find Out What Pope Francis, Kim Basinger, And Tim Cook Have To Say. You Better Decide!. Disaster Imminent: This Kid On A Road Trip Has A Full Bladder And Just Got To The Funniest Part Of  "Nacho Libre ". The Peel: \"The Bully\" By Marcus Lowell. Beautiful: This Boy Put The Basketball Under His Shirt And Now He Is Pregnant With The Basketball.    Find Out What Danny DeVito, Ken Burns, And Armie Hammer Have To Say. Saving Time: OPI Is Now Selling Gallon Buckets Of Nail Polish For People Who Can't Paint Their Nails For Shit And Might As Well Just Dunk Their Whole Hands In There And Get It Over With. This Is Incredible! . Uh Oh: Mom Read An Article. Clash Of Titans: The San Diego Zoo Is Locked In A Tense Legal Dispute With The Louvre Over Who Gets To Keep A Monkey Holding A Van Gogh Painting. Happy Fourth of July!. Thank Your Bus Driver Today! .   
 Find Out What Blake Lively, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, And Chris Pratt Have To Say. 9 Amazing Discoveries At The Bottom Of The Ocean I Would Like Back Now, Please. Parenting Win! This Illuminati Member Sends His Kids To School With Adorable Little Messages Hidden On Their Lunch Money. Big-Dicked King Of The Skies: This Man Just Picked Up Some Rolos And A Mango Naked Juice From The Airport's CNBC Store. A Referee Has Not Won The Tournament Since 1974: Everything You Need To Know About The World Cup. Find Out What Neil deGrasse Tyson, Demi Lovato, And Gordon Ramsay Have To Say. Remember Him? .    Calling All Resistance Members! Roe V. Wade Is In DANGER! We Need YOU To Yell At JILL STEIN About The 2016 Election!. More Bad News For Democrats: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Has Announced She Is Retiring From The Supreme Court To Play Miss Hannigan In A Community Theater Production Of  "Annie ". We Want To Sell Your Data To A Lentil Company. Please Take 2 Minutes To Fill Out This Survey Form Listing Your Demographic Info And Daily Lentil Usage.. Share This Video To KY Jelly's Facebook Wall To Let Them Know you're Dry As A Bone And Loving It. Find Out What Warren Buffett, Reese Witherspoon, And Nancy Pelosi Have To Say. I Am Tom Hanks " Next-Door Neighbor And Worst Nightmare. Ask Questions At Me About How I Make That Son Of A Bitch's Life A Living Hell.. Probably Unnecessary: This Amber Alert Mentions That The Missing Kid's Nickname At School Is  "Big Lord Beefcake ".    Sins Of The Father: Man's Daughter's Head Gets Smaller Every Time He Lies About The Plot Of  "Breaking Bad ". 5 Things That Are Pretty Much Round. Another Failure: Facebook Is Scrambling To Beef Up Security After Discovering Millions Of Users Who Falsely Listed Their Education As  "School Of Hard Knocks ". Find Out What Gwyneth Paltrow, Taylor Swift, And Bruno Mars Have To Say. Building On The Past: The Supreme Court Has Upheld President Trump's Travel Ban By Citing The Robust Legal Precedent Of The United States Acting Like An Amoral Fuckup. The Peel: \"I Run To Chili's\" By Camille Davis.  "Once My Album "The Kindness Of The High Prince: He Gives Us Fast Trains," Comes Out, People Will Understand What I See In Elon Musk ": 5 Questions With Grimes.   
 All The Major Players In The Situation Brewing Between An Usher And A Couple Of Teenagers Halfway Into A Showing Of  "Ocean's 8 ". 4 Signs That Someone Is Sneaking Into Your Child's Room At Night To Teach Them Inaccurate Information About James Bond In Spanish. Pretty Pointless: This Woman Who Lived To Be 107 Died Anyway. Heartbreaking: This Economist Broke Down In Tears On CNN After Seeing A Line Graph Depicting The Economic Impact Of Locking Migrant Families In Detention Centers. You Will Be Missed. 7 Signs Your Plumber Is Trying To Gradually Steal Your Toilet Over The Course Of Many Years. ATTACK ON FREEDOM: HATE-MONGERING HILLARYITES Just Shooed Stephen Miller Away From The Bird Feeder Where He Was PEACEFULLY ENJOYING BREAKFAST.   
 5 Classic Video Games That Are Sadly Ruined Because They Have Villains In Them. Roadmap To Peace: Necco Has Set Aside A Roll Of Wafers For Israel And Palestine To Share Only After They\nAchieve A Two-State Solution. It's A Nice Thing To Do!. Find Out What Emma Stone, Jim Carrey, And Andrew Zimmern Have To Say. Market Frenzy: Apple Stocks Have Skyrocketed After News Broke That The Business Pig Was Walking Around The Company's Office.  "I Can't Wait For People To See My Impression Of Queen Frontman Eddie Murphy ": 5 Questions With Rami Malek. Science FTW: Researchers Covered Head To Toe In Mustard Have Announced That Their Colleagues Got Them Good.    Heartwarming: These Students Raised $10,000 For Their Teacher When He Asked Them Nicely . Taking A Stand:  "The New York Times " Editorial Board Has Announced That George H.W. Bush Shouldn't Do Too Many Other Things Because It Is Done Editing His Obituary. Congratulations, You Can Now Launder Money On ClickHole.com!. Find Out What Pope Francis, Carrie-Anne Moss, And Josh Groban Have To Say. R.I.P.. I'm Proud Of President Trump For Replacing The Un-American Practice Of Family Separation With The Profoundly American Practice Of Mass Incarceration (By Mitch McConnell). Fact Check: Paleontologists Break Down All The Ways  "Jurassic Park " Gets Newman Wrong.    The 5 Least Scary Things Known As  "The Widowmaker " In Their Respective Towns. The Definition Of Luxury: This Spa Has Pools With Specialized Sharks That Eat Off Your Dead Limbs . I Am dRUnk And thinking abouT my ex in an uBer with MY shoes Off. Ask me anythingg, i'M feeling really OpeN .  "I Want To See More Movies About Lesser-Known Superheroes Like Black Panther, Candle Legs, Fuck Jockey, Staticky Picnic Table, And The Wireless Smell ": 5 Questions With Sterling K. Brown. Please Share! . Getting What She Came For: Woman Leaves Japanese Class As Soon As She Learns The Word For  "Beach Ball ". Find Out What January Jones, Cormac McCarthy, And Daisy Ridley Have To Say.     "Golf Questions Only, Please ": A Frustrated Tiger Woods Just Stormed Out Of A Press Conference After Reporters Only Wanted To Talk About His Beautiful Homemade Ketchup-Packet Gown. Exonerated: This Convicted Murderer Was Released From Prison After 20 Years When An Online Quiz Sorted Him Into Gryffindor. How Many Of These  "Dragon Ball Z " Episodes Have You Seen?. Find Out What Tim Gunn, Jessica Alba, And Gloria Gaynor Have To Say. Mission Accomplished:  "Storage Wars " Is Ending After They Finally Found A Live Moose In One Of The Storage Containers. The Peel: \"The Pen Pal\" By Allison West . 'B.J. Novak Comes To My House Every Morning At 5 A.M. Wearing A Big Chef's Hat': 5 Questions With Mindy Kaling.   
 Grave Miscalculation: This Woman's Weekend-Long Trip With Her Friend Should Have Really Just Been A Lunch. Is The Large Man In A Bib Running At You With A Comb And Fork Coming To Eat You Or Just To Comb Your Hair?. Taking Action: Legislators Have Introduced A Bipartisan Bill Demanding That The Trump Administration Make Its Inhumane Immigration Policies Easier To Ignore. About Time: Vlad The Impaler's Ninth Generation Descendant Has Finally Publicly Denounced Impaling. Let's Get That Number Up To 3,000! . Ominous: The USDA Has Printed Gene Hackman's Nutritional Information On His Forehead. Fuck Fuck Fuck: We Promised Waaay Too Much Integration To Pepperidge Farm In This Article About A Boy Dying Of Cancer Raising Money For Other Sick Children.    Yikes: This Documentary About A Feral Child Is 20 Minutes From The End And Things Do Not Seem To Be On The Upswing For The Feral Child. Find Out What Toni Collette, Nancy Pelosi, And Paul McCartney Have To Say. Major Scandal: Madame Tussauds Has Been Forced To Melt Down Tom Hanks " Wax Sculpture After It Bit A Child . Dads Rule! . They Can Do Better. SHOW SOME RESPECT! . John Bolton Unethically Took Home Nuclear Warheads To Deal With A Mouse Problem At His Own Personal Residence: Everything Horrible The Drumpf Administration Did This Week.   
 Cutest Celebrity Couple Ever? Werner Herzog And Nick Cannon Were Just Spotted  "Lady And The Tramp "-ing A 40-Foot Party Sub Across The Border Of America And Germany. Find Out What Jim Davis, Emeril Lagasse, And Anne Hathaway Have To Say. 7 Foolproof Tips For Passing Your Daughter Off As A Crawfish So You Only Have To Buy One Disneyland Pass. NASA Has Announced There Will Be An Ultra-Rare Spalding Eclipse Next Week Where The Sun Passes Directly Behind The Basketball Wedged In The Tree Outside This Boy's Window. Find Out What Hilary Duff, Dr. Oz, And Bindi Irwin Have To Say. Enjoy! . Time To Panic: Aiden Did His Book Report Super Fast And Now One Of Us Has To Go Before Class Ends.   
 Fuck, He Must Be Really Good: This World Cup Player Just Has One Name. Beautiful: Palestinian And Israeli Share A Thought Bubble Of A Teacup Pig In A Batman Costume. Heartwarming: When This 25-Year-Old Resistance Member Was Dying Of Cancer, Robert Mueller Came To His Hospital Room To Give Him A Sneak Peek At The Conclusion Of The Russia Investigation. Diplomacy Disaster: President Trump Just Sent Out A Series Of Tweets That Makes It Pretty Clear That He's Under The Impression He Spent The Past Few Days Hanging Out With Chris Farley. 7 Signs The Bathroom Attendant Is Doing His Job Just For Fun. Its Biggest Challenge Yet: Netflix Just Announced That Every Episode Of The New  "Queer Eye " Season Will Be Dedicated To Making Over One Really, Really Gross Hermit They Found Fucking A Dead Turtle In The Woods. Confronting The Past: EA Just Spent Its Entire E3 Presentation Apologizing For Putting Antoine Walker On The Cover Of  "NBA Live 99 ".    Very Interesting. Ex-Poachers Talk About How Solving A Crime With A Rhino Made Them Reconsider Their Job. Brad Bird Based Elastigirl On His Own Mom After Seeing Her Stretch Her Neck Several Yards To Eat A Bird Midair: Everything You Need To Know About  "Incredibles 2 ". Redemption: This Senior Class Really Came Together To Plan The Senior Prank After Dropping The Ball On The Fundraiser For A Classmate's Surgery. Find Out What LeBron James, Pope Francis, And Justice Stephen Breyer Have To Say. Beautiful!. The Peel: \"When You See Me\" By Vanessa Reyes.    Something Fucked-Up Must Have Happened: Every Suspect In This Police Lineup Is A Little Boy In A Sailor Suit Licking A Big Lollipop. Find Out What David Blaine, Natalie Portman, And Richard Dawkins Have To Say. Don't Understand Net Neutrality Since That Horse Kicked You In The Head? Hush Now, And Look At The River. The Game's Objective Is To Turn Off The Siren That's Been Blaring From The White House Ever Since The Nuclear War Started: Here's Everything You Need To Know About  "Fallout 76 ". Master Dealmaker: Donald Trump Negotiated With Kim Jong-Un To End The U.S.'s Nuclear Weapons Program In Exchange For Reduced Sanctions On North Korea  . This Would Be Nice! . Clearing Things Up: The Catholic Church Has Announced That Priests Don't Have To Live Together, They Just Do That Because It's Fun.   
 Clearing Things Up: The Catholic Church Has Announced That Priests Don't Have To Live Together, They Just Do That Because It's Fun. All Of The Glorious R-Rated Movies I Have Seen In My 8 Brief Years On This Spinning Orb. Did Your Pickup-Artist Coach Teach You Stuff That Works Better On Deer?. If Deadpool Really Is That Rebellious And Cool, Marvel Won't Mind Us Using Him In This Unlicensed T-Shirt We're Selling In Our Store. Resistance Setback: It's Clear From Robert Mueller's Investigation That He Thinks Donald Trump And Donald Drumpf Are Two Separate People. Find Out What Sandra Bullock, David Letterman, And Chrissy Teigen Have To Say. Would You Live Here? Let Us Know In The Comments! .    Holding Its Ground: RCA Records Just Tweeted It'll Never Pay The Foo Fighters Because Singing With Your Buds Is Not A Job. you're In Boone County Now, Son, And Things Move A Little Slower Here, So Don't Expect To Be Done With This  "Powerpuff Girls " Quiz Any Time Soon. I Was Anti-Vaccine Until My Doctor Got Hot And Suggested Them Again. Incredible: Bethesda Revealed\nThat  "Fallout 76 " Will Show What Earth\nWould Be Like If The Arizona Diamondbacks Hadn't Won The 2001 World Series. Sorry, Drumpf, But Your Hands Are Simply Too Small To Ever Fit Around Your Massive, Girthy Penis!. Find Out What Lorne Michaels, Barack Obama, And Meryl Streep Have To Say. Better Think Twice Before You Call Someone \"Ma'am\".    4 Cap'n Crunch Commercials Where Cap'n Crunch Seems Way More Excited About Lunch Meat Than Cereal. Deeply Troubling: It's Looking Like The Bank Of America Sunglasses This Guy Got For Free Are Gonna Be His Go-To Sunglasses For The Whole Summer. Beachgoer Tries To Let The Predator Know There's A Tampon String Hanging Out Of His Bathing Suit But The Predator Assumes She's An Attacker And Maces Her. Find Out What Ian McKellen, Jon Taffer, And Tucker Carlson Have To Say. Fed Up: Steve Harvey Is Leaving  "Family Feud " After Yet Another Season Went By Without Somebody Noticing That He Got All Dressed Up. ClickHole's Treasure. Tremendous:\nThis Baby Has Acquired A Sword Somehow.   
 Big Win For Safety: Dole Will Start Putting Warnings On Its Pineapples To Discourage Customers From Running Back Into Burning Buildings To Save Them. Another Step For Progress: The Scripps National Spelling Bee Will Also Be Ending The Swimsuit Portion Of Its Competition. National Crisis: The FBI Just Issued A Nationwide Crime Alert That A Man Once Stole A Big Bag Of Feathers From His Neighbor's Car In 1995 And That Both The Man And His Neighbor Died Several Years Ago. Remember When?. Its Feminist Message Proves That Women Can Do Anything Men Do As Long As It's Many Years After The Men And They've Added A Fashion Element: Everything You Need To Know About  "Ocean's 8 ". Find Out What Steven Spielberg, Pope Francis, And Keira Knightley Have To Say. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Titanic ".   
 Whatever: The Emo Kids Are All Sitting In Each Other's Laps And Snickering About Some Emo Thing That Nobody Cares About. Yes! Every 2019 Nissan Will Have Airbags That Eject At Random Every So Often Because Nissan Works Really Hard On Them And Wants People To See Them. Find Out What Alden Ehrenreich, Paul Krugman, And Thom Yorke Have To Say. Share Your Badass Amount In The Comments! . Major Breakthrough: Medical Researchers Just Announced That A 400-Pound Child Simply Ain't Right. The Peel: "A Mother's Love" By James Dunbar.  "Nurses Sure Do Complain A Lot For Working, Like, 3 Days A Week ": 5 Questions With Shonda Rhimes.    White House In Disarray: A Peacock Just Walked Through The Oval Office And Donald Trump Just Stared At It Until It Left And Didn't Say Anything Or Tell Anyone. A New Frontier: NASA Has Sent An Astronaut To Prison. President Trump Is So Brave! . The Latest In Home Security: ADT Now Provides Stickers For Your Front Door To Warn Robbers Your Stuff Sucks. The Perils Of Climate Change: Rising Sea Levels Could Force Over 100 Million Americans To Have Rock-Hard Beach Bodies By 2050. Inspirational? Something Happened In Lithuania With A Sick Little Boy And An Abandoned Dog And An Ant-Man Costume But We Can't Quite Put The Pieces Together Using Google Translate. Find Out What Meghan Markle, Martin Scorsese, And Tyra Banks Have To Say.    Resistance Win: When One Of Her Students Wore A MAGA Hat To Class, This Incredible Teacher Stopped Having Sex With Him After School. Find Out What Bob Dylan, Kanye West, And Winona Ryder Have To Say. Relationship Goals: This Awesome Couple Recreated Their High School Prom Photo Every Year For Two Years Until They Broke Up. Who Else Grew Up Listening To Kanye? . Extraordinary Discovery: Researchers Have Determined That Tweety Bird And Betty Boop Have The Exact Same Skeleton, Just Different Skin. The Jennings " One Dead Giveaway That They're Russian Spies Is That They Have No Idea How To Eat A Baseball: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Americans ". A Piece Of History: The Bulletproof Helmet JFK Took Off So He Could Let His Long, Luscious Hair Blow Freely In The Wind On The Day He Died Is Coming To The Smithsonian .    God\nHelp Me: 4 Simple Women From The Village Who Have Found A Groom Before My Sweet\nPaulinka . Here Are 8 Little Things You Can Do Every Day To Help Dolphins Go Extinct. Hard Work Pays Off! . Meeting Of The Minds: President Trump And Kim Kardashian Convened In The Oval Office Yesterday To Tell Each Other That They've Been On TV.  "I'm Proud To Be Known For Progressive Lyrics Like "Guns, Guns, Guns Aren't Good / If You Really Need To Kill Someone Stab Them With Some Wood" ": 5 Questions With Kacey Musgraves. A Beautiful Story: Guillermo\nDel Toro Has Mistaken A Juggalo For An Alien And Taken Him Home To\nProtect Him From Scientists. Share This Video With Your Doorman To Let Him Know You Have His Hat And Will Give It Back After Your Nephew's Bris.    This Looks Bad: The President\nOf The National Dairy Council Threw Up And Resigned At A Press Conference After\nA Reporter Told Him Where Milk Comes From. Find Out What Dr. Sanjay Gupta, Kendrick Lamar, And Sandra Bullock Have To Say. Entering The Fray: Led Zeppelin Has Reunited To Release A Diss Track Aimed At Drake. More Bad Press For Elon: The Car Elon Musk Launched Into Orbit Has Fallen Back Down To Earth And Crushed Malala Yousafzai. I Am A Recently Divorced And Laid-Off Middle-Aged Man With A Lot Of Health Problems, And Everything I Say Is Incredibly Depressing. Ask Questions At Me.. Heartbreaking: Kidnapper Is Forced To Destroy His Autographed Michael Jordan Poster To Get A  "D " For His Ransom Note. This Is So Powerful! .    NBC's Version Of The Show Will Feature A Smiling Al Roker As The Body At Every Crime Scene: Everything You Need To Know About  "Brooklyn Nine-Nine ". Major Breakthrough: IBM Claims That By 2020 Watson Will Learn The Difference Between Lame Whale Facts And Cool Whale Facts. More Mushroom Than You Can Handle: You Simply Don't Have The Endurance To Make It Through This List Of 8 Mushrooms. Find Out What Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, Selena Gomez, And Neil deGrasse Tyson Have To Say. WE DID IT! . THIS IS DISGUSTING! . Waste Of Time: Starbucks Closed Down For Anti-Bias Training Today Even Though We've Moved On And Are Mad About Other Things Now.   
 Responding To Criticism: ICE Has Issued A Statement Informing The Public That They Should Just Be Happy It's Not Doing Experiments On These Kids. Presidential Temper Tantrum: After His Classmates Spilled Pigs " Blood On Him At Prom, Trump Totally Overreacted By Using His Psychic Powers To Massacre The Whole School [CORRECTION: The Person That Used Their Psychic Powers To Massacre A School Was Carrie, Not Donald Trump]. Animal Rights FTW: PETA Has Launched A New Ad Campaign Encouraging People To Use Non-Leather Belts For Autoerotic Asphyxiation. The Peel:  "Founding Fathers " By Sean Wilson. 5 Unrealistic Expectations Porn Creates In Relationships Between Horny MILFS And Their Hung Stepsons. Find Out What Snoop Dogg, Meryl Streep, And Robert De Niro Have To Say. Transportation FTW: Splash Mountain Is Getting A Bike Lane.   
 This Debate Has Been Settled. Ethical Eating FTW! Chick-Fil-A Has Announced It Will No Longer Get Its Chickens By Kidnapping People In Parking Garages And Transforming Them Into Chickens With Witchcraft. Extremely Frustrating: This Man Is Tired Of His Elderly Parents Calling Him For Technology Help Every Time Their Android Servant Becomes Self-Aware And Tries To Rip Their Skin Off. To Differentiate Itself From  "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, " The Game Has Added A Map Set Inside A Law Firm That Specializes In The Nuances Of Copyright Infringement: Everything You Need To Know About  "Fortnite ". 6 DIY Crafting Projects To Keep Your Hired Help Busy This Summer. Heartbreaking: This Guy's Uncle Is Racist But Not Quite Racist Enough For Him To Get Any Viral Content Out Of It. ClickHole Is Updating Its Privacy Policy.    Find Out What Shigeru Miyamoto, Leonardo DiCaprio, And Les Stroud Have To Say. 7 Kids In Class Who Somehow Still Have Orange-And-Black Braces From Halloween, Honest To God, We Got 7 Of Them. A Beautiful Reunion: This High School Football Player Got The Surprise Of A Lifetime When He Removed His Helmet To Reveal That He Was His Father Who Had Been Fighting In Afghanistan For The Past 2 Years. 5 Episodes Of  "Tales From The Crypt " Where The Crypt Keeper Is Too\nAngry That Sinead O "Connor Tore Up A Picture Of The Pope To Introduce Any Scary\nStories . Powerful: The Cast Of  "The West Wing " Reunited In Richard Schiff's Garage Last Night To Say The Words  "Resist Trump " Back And Forth To Each Other Without Filming It. Find Out What Jennifer Lawrence, Richard Dawkins, And Jamie Lee Curtis Have To Say. Wunderbar! Ein Vampir Halt Die Burotur Auf.    Making Things Right: Brandi Chastain Is Undergoing Major Cosmetic Surgery To Look Exactly Like Her Hall Of Fame Bust.  "When I'm Onstage Performing, There Can Be Up To A Dozen Confused Birds Flapping Around The Ceiling And I Hardly Notice Them At All ": 5 Questions With Janelle Monae. Heartwarming: These People Reminisce About The First Time They Understood The Joke Of Bart Simpson (Rude). Go Green! This Vegan Substitute For Human Meat Has All The Great Taste Without The Carbon Footprint. The Discovery Channel Is Apologizing To Its Viewers After Realizing That The MythBusters Were Clearly Nerds. Incredibly Generous: Eminem Invited A Dying Fan Onstage And Straight Up Demolished Her With His Most Devastating Freestyle Yet. Repressing Freedom: China Is Censoring Amir Out Of All  "Jake And Amir " Videos So That Citizens Do Not\nIdolize His Slothful, Imbecile Ways.    Find Out What SZA, David Attenborough, And Prince Harry Have To Say. Awkward: Son Walks In On His Dad Getting Sprayed By A Cartoon Skunk. I Am 4 Years Old And I Just Saw A Cow!!!! Ask Questions At Me.. Find Out What Ben Stein, Vince Gilligan, And Hillary Clinton Have To Say.  "Skirmish Time Is Now! ": 6 Mediocre Catchphrases Michael Buffer Dabbled With Before Landing On  "Let's Get Ready To Rumble ". Heartwarming: When This Kid Was Eating Lunch Alone, His Classmates Summoned The Devil To Sit With Him. Han Solo Met Chewbacca After Clubbing Chewie's Parents To Death And Stealing Him As A Cub: Everything You Need To Know About  "Solo: A Star Wars Story ".    Incredible Realism: The Campaign In The Next  "Call Of Duty " Will Begin At Your Avatar's High School Cafeteria When He's Being Tricked Into Joining The Military By A Recruiter. Beer Summit 2.0: President Trump Has Invited The Racist NYC Lawyer And The Woman He Yelled At To The White House So The Lawyer Can Finish Yelling At Her. Hey Teenage Morons, How About You Put Down 'Fortnite' For A Sec?. Find Out What O.J. Simpson, Joel Coen, And James Mattis Have To Say. 5 Slimming Poses To Try Out In Your Next Instagram Post Of You And The Elephant You Just Shot. Nice! When This 9th Grader Got Bullied For Going Through Puberty Early, She Showed Them By Dating A 20-Year-Old Guy. I Only Invaded Iraq To Impress Slenderman\n(By George W. Bush).   
 Bad News For The #Resistance: Sources Close To Mueller Are Suggesting The Pee Tape Is Real, But It Is Hot As Hell, Maybe The Sexiest Event Ever Caught On Camera. Miss The Royal Wedding Because You Were Wedged Underneath Your Porch All Weekend? Here Are The Best Moments From ClickHole's Live Coverage. Switching Gears: Michelin Guide Has Announced That It's Tired Of Judging Restaurants And It's Just Going To Give 3 Stars To Any Restaurant That Does That Liquid-Nitrogen Shit. Royal Wedding Watch: Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Have Entered The PODS Container Where Their 8-Month-Long Honeymoon Will Take Place. Royal Wedding Watch: Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Just Drove Away From Windsor Castle With A Dozen Festive Commoners Tied To The Back Of Their Car. Royal Wedding Watch: The Newlyweds " Departure From Windsor Castle Signals The Official Conclusion Of The 2018 Winter Olympic Games. Royal Wedding Watch: The Officiant Just Asked All Of The Eunuchs Present To Please Rise, And Now Pretty Much All But 3 Guys Are Standing.    Royal Wedding Watch: The Officiant Just Asked That Everyone Refrain From Throwing Their Peanut Shells On The Floor, But Seems Like People Are Still Doing It Anyway. Royal Wedding Watch: Meghan Markle Is Wearing The Centuries-Old Diamond-And-Sapphire NuvaRing Given To Her By The Queen. Rough Start To The Royal Wedding: The Officiant Just Introduced Meghan Markle As  "Michael Morgle ". The Royal Tortoise Who's Been Carrying Brides To The Altar For The Past 400 Years Is Taking, Like, Half An Hour To Get Meghan Markle Down The Aisle. Royal Wedding Watch: It Is Unclear Whether The Guy Yelling  "Get A Load Of This Jackass! " Every Time Someone Walks Into The Church Is An Official Part Of The Ceremony. If You Are One Of The 8 Americans Not Invited To The Royal Wedding,  "ClickHole " Is Live Blogging The Entire Thing. In A Clever Allusion To U.S. Presidential History, None Of The Show's Co-Hosts Are Women: Everything You Need To Know About  "Pod Save America ".    5 Eager Freshmen Who Joined The Quidditch Club To Meet New People, Ranked By How Quickly They Bailed To Find Normal Kids. Find Out What Giada De Laurentiis, U.N. General Secretary Antonio Guterres, And Tom Hanks Have To Say. How Many Of These Things Have You Overheard A Group Of Doctors Somberly Whisper While Examining Your Medical Charts?. Drumpf's Complicity In Israel's Brutal Attacks On Palestinians Is Yet Another Example Of The GOP Taking Credit For Obama's Hard Work. Share This Video On The FBI's Facebook Wall To Tell Them you've Been Learning Witchcraft And There's Nothing They Can Do About It. PICK A NEW NAME! IT'S CONFUSING. Here Are The Best Moments From Our  "Ask Questions At Me " With  "Slip  "N Slide Haircut " Host Claudia Pla "ant.    Heartbreaking: This Student Using Both Of Her Arms To Shield Her Test Has No Idea She's One Of The Dumbest Kids In Class. 6 Clogs Sponsored Content For Clogs Paid Clog List Rich List Of Clogs Click Now On It For Clog Cash For ClickHole Clog-Time Baby #TheHourOfTheClogIsUponUsSPONSORED. CALLING ALL RESISTANCE MEMBERS! We Must Protect Heroic Ex-Russian Whistleblower YAKOV SMIRNOFF Who Is EXPOSING The DISGUSTING HORRORS Of Daily Life In EVIL RUSSIA. This Amazing New Product Called  "Monocle Glue " Ensures Your Monocle Won't Go Flying Off Your Face When Your Daughter Tells You She's Marrying A Commoner. Balance Of Zero: An Oil Tanker In Alaska Crashed But It Hit A Ship Carrying Dawn Soap So All Of The Wildlife Is Pretty Clean. Find Out What Barack Obama, Michael Caine, And Robert Mueller Have To Say. Sad News, Brits: The Royal Wedding Has Been Delayed Three Months To Give The Band More Time To Learn  "Livin' On A Prayer ".     "I Can't Host The Oscars Because Billy Crystal Is My Roommate And he'd Be Jealous ": 5 Questions With Tiffany Haddish. Selfless Hero: Man Stranded In Desert Uses Last Of His Water To Wet His Expanding Dinosaur Sponge. Animal Cruelty: Whirlpool Is Coming Out With A Refrigerator With An Extra-Loud Ice Machine Just To Fuck With Dogs. Heartbreaking Tragedy: Hundreds Are Dead After The Music Of Kings Of Leon Seduced Dozens Of Sea Captains Into Wrecking Their Ships Against The Staples Center. 6 Things  "Titanic " Got Wrong About Letting A Poor Person Draw You Naked. I Was The Host Of The 1992 Nickelodeon Game Show  "Slip  "N Slide Haircut " Until A Bunch Of Kids Died And It Got Canceled. Ask Me Anything.. Lifelong New Yorkers Describe How The City Has Changed.    Heartbreaking Tragedy: Hundreds Are Dead After The Music Of Kings Of Leon Seduced Dozens Of Sea Captains Into Wrecking Their Ships Against The Staples Center. 6 Things  "Titanic " Got Wrong About Letting A Poor Person Draw You Naked. I Was The Host Of The 1992 Nickelodeon Game Show  "Slip  "N Slide Haircut " Until A Bunch Of Kids Died And It Got Canceled. Ask Me Anything.. Lifelong New Yorkers Describe How The City Has Changed. Find Out What Gwyneth Paltrow, Al Gore, And Kate Upton Have To Say.  "Captain America Is Exactly Like Dupree From . , Also Iron Man Is Like Dupree, Hulk Too, And Black Panther Is Dupree As Well ": 5 Questions With Chris Evans. Incredibly Brave: Demi Lovato Posted A Photo Of The Second Face On Her Neck Wearing Absolutely No Makeup.    Could Go Either Way: No One's Sure Whether The Kid Who Just Asked The Sex-Ed Teacher If Turds Come Out Of Pussies Said It To Be Funny Or Out Of Genuine Ignorance. Security Win: ADT Is Introducing A New Service Where An Employee Wakes You Up In The Middle Of The Night When They've Got A Bad Feeling. This Is Fascinating . Heartwarming: This Incredible Plastic Surgeon Fixed A Child's Cleft Palate By Giving Him A Nose Job, A Face Lift, And Ass Implants. Science FTW: NASA Has Announced That Tonight Is The Night. Deleting Facebook Has Allowed Me To Get Back To Stoking Racial Prejudice With My Friends And Family In Person. Find Out What Jonathan Nolan, Pope Francis, And Selena Gomez Have To Say.    Happy Mother's Day! . Atheists Will Not Have An Answer For This! . Lying Sack Of Shit: Mom Claims Just Having The Family Around For Mother's Day Is Enough Of A Gift.  "It Was An Honor To Teach The Younger Actors On .  How To Rack Up Millions Of Dollars In Credit Card Debt By Buying Speedboats ": 5 Questions With Kyle Chandler. 7 Firework Pranks We Did On Mr. Daley Today Before Someone Told Us That His Wife Of 62 Years Had Just Died. Find Out What Jack Nicholson, Joe Manganiello, And Mila Kunis Have To Say . Into Darkness: This Modern-Day Explorer Traversed Some Guy's 3-Bedroom Apartment To Use The Bathroom After Sex To Avoid A UTI.    My Grandfather Came To This Country With Nothing But His Juicy Couture Sweatpants And The Perfect Ass To Fill Those Things Out. On His Terms: John McCain Has Reportedly Barred His Viet Cong Torturers From Attending His Funeral. Game Over, Trump: An Ancient Order Of Franciscan Monks Has Released A 13th-Century Tapestry Depicting Donald Trump Colluding With Russian Officials. The Secret Language Of Cinema: How Filmmakers Use The Character Of Stifler To Express Horniness. Game Over, Drumpf! This Intrepid  "New York Times " Reporter Just Has Two Seasons Left Of  "The Wire " And Then He "ll Be Free To Blow The Lid Off The Russia Investigation!. Find Out What Prince Harry, Anne Hathaway, And Bill Nye Have To Say. The Struggle Continues: America's Worst Soldier And ISIS's Worst Soldier Are Currently Hitting Each Other With Brooms.    We Saw A Guy Bring His 12-Year-Old Kid To See The Last One Even Though It Was Rated R. We Were About To Say Something, But We Didn't Want To Make A Scene. Still Though, No Reason To Allow That: Everything You Need To Know About  "Deadpool ". Just A Friendly Reminder! . Mind-Blowing: This Incredible Fan Theory Suggests That Mr. Bean Is A Weird And Goofy Dude. Take That, Drumpf Lovers! A Research Team At MIT Has Conclusively Proved That Trump = Voldemort. Resistance Win! This Artist Was Going To Draw Trump And Putin Kissing, But Was Worried That Seemed Homophobic, So He Had Them Kiss While Thinking About Pamela Anderson. Excuse Me, Mr. Trump, Sir, But, Respectfully, Dr. Trump, Mind You, Captain President, Sir, And There's Nothing You Can Do About It, Good Professor!. We Got Him: President Dump Is Going To LOSE IT When He Sees This Photo Of A Super-Creepy Abandoned Hospital.    Mr. Drumpf, Your Newest Nightmare Is A Website Called ResistanceHole. Find Out What Helena Bonham Carter, Ralph Macchio, And Sara Bareilles Have To Say . Find Out What  Laurence Fishburne, Blake Shelton, And Katie Ledecky Have To Say. Time To Backtrack: Researchers At Berkeley Have Discovered That Feeding A Gallon Of OxiClean To A Pelican Will Cause It To Explode, But Completely Lost Track Of What They Were Initially Researching To Get To That. The Dark Side Of Hollywood: This  "Breaking Bad " Fan Traveled All The Way From London To Sneak Into Bryan Cranston's Bedroom And Cranston Wouldn't Even Give Him A Vial Of His Blood. A Real Hassle: Woman Struggles To Drive All Three Cars Home After Shopping Spree At Car Dealership. The Series Is A PlayStation Exclusive Because An Xbox's Graphics Card Is Designed To Recognize No Other Gods Before Christ: Everything You Need To Know About  "God Of War ".   
 Cyber Gold: Understand Cryptocurrency With ClickHole's Guide To Bitcoin. Cutest Celebrity Couple Ever! Kevin Hart And A Version Of Kevin Hart From 3 Years In The Future Were Spotted Holding Hands On VE Day. Inspiring Rescue: This Good Samaritan In Hawaii Waded Through Lava To Rescue A Dog From Drowning. Giuliani May Be A Stooge Of The Trump Administration Now, But Let's Not Forget How Brave He Was To Come Out Against 9/11 When No One Else Would. Abuse Of Power: Donald Trump Just Signed An Executive Order Stating That He Is Allowed To Get Inside John McCain's Coffin With Him. I Want To Start Standing On The Wheel Of Fortune (By Pat Sajak). Check Your Fridge: Perdue Is Recalling 50,000 Chicken Breasts After They Left The Factory Without Getting A Little Kiss Goodbye.   
 Just Sad At This Point: Timothee Chalamet Still Has No Idea That His Fame Is Just A Cruel Joke Everyone Decided To Play On Him Because We All Think He's A Giant Loser. This Is A Major Life Hack! . Find Out What Cate Blanchett, Steve Buscemi, And Quentin Tarantino Have To Say. Flying Safety FTW! American Airlines Will Be Placing A Weapon Under The Seat Of Each Passenger To Be Used In The Event Of An All-Out Battle Royale. Not A Boys " Club Anymore: This Amazing Organization Is Teaching Wealthy Women How To Hide Their Assets In Shady, Untraceable Shell Companies. Share This Video On Entenmann's Wall To Let Them Know That Your Late Mother's Credit Card Still Works And you're Interested In Buying Cakes. We Love You. Thank You, Jonathan Starwarse!.    Deeply Troubling: Garry Kasparov Has Tested Positive For CTE After Years Of Using His Head To Hit The Chess Clock.  "All Of Fonzie's Mannerisms Were Symptoms Of Advanced Syphilis ": 5 Questions With Henry Winkler. The Future Of Journalism:  "The New York Times " Is Trying To Win Over A Younger Audience By Having Paul Krugman Livestream Solitaire On Twitch While Discussing Trade Regulations. Find Out What James Mattis, Rachael Ray, And Helen Hunt Have To Say. Damning Reveal: Trump's Former Doctor Has Admitted That The President Ghostwrote His Glowing Account Of Adventuring Through Trump's Body In A Microscopic Submarine. Diplomatic Snafu: North Korea Is Letting Trump Choose If He Wants Three American Hostages Returned Or A Mysterious Box That Could Have Anything Inside It. Lean Times: Farmer Forced To Use Ellen DeGeneres Cutout As Scarecrow.    A New Beginning: After Formally Ending Their 65-Year War, North And South Korea Have Teamed Up To Invade Italy. Find Out What Cory Booker, Shigeru Miyamoto, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. 4 Signs That Your Therapist Is Going Straight To Six Flags Great America After Your Session. When This High Schooler Asked Emma Stone To Be His Date To Prom, She Said Yes But Then Got So Trashed In The Limo On The Way There That She Didn't Even Make It Into The Dance. Goodbye Tinder: Facebook's New Dating App Finally Allows You To Romantically Connect With Your Dad's Friend Who Likes All Your Posts Even Though you've Never Met Him. It's Only Fair. Gamers Rejoice: Steam Is Having A Sale This Week On 50 Pounds Of Hot Salad For Only $5.   
 The Bhagwan Could Have Levitated But No One Ever Asked Him To: Everything You Need To Know About  "Wild Wild Country ". Body Positivity FTW: Trojan Has Released A New Line Of Extra-Small Condoms For Men Whose Penises Are Shorter Than 15 Inches. Beautiful: Man Allows Face On Stomach To See Ocean For The First Time. This Is Very Helpful! . Find Out What Cesar Millan, Drew Scott, And Christoph Waltz Have To Say. Whoa: Morgan Got Her Friend With A Fancy Camera To Take Photos Of Her By Some Railroad Tracks. Throwing Love Away: When Gwyneth Paltrow's Soulmate Was Caught Rooting Through Her Trash, She Filed A Restraining Order Against Him.    Totally Awesome: Red Lobster Has Introduced A 12-Foot-Long Party Lobster. Tough Times For Digital Media: Budget Cuts Have Forced ClickHole To Close Our Children's Cancer Research Center.  "I Don't Blame Anyone Who Charges Me $600 To Eat Popcorn Shrimp ": 5 Questions With Khloe Kardashian. Scumbag: Dishonest Jerk Uses Fake Head To Cheat At Russian Roulette. Find Out What Mike Rowe, Paul McCartney, And Justin Bieber Have To Say. Congratulations To Moon Jae-In And Kim Jong Un For Becoming Roommates!. Actions Have Consequences: In Light Of Her Controversial Remarks, 3 Of The 9 Portraits Of Michelle Wolf Have Been Removed From The Oval Office.    Farewell To A Legend: Goose Has Died In  "Top Gun ". Resistance Setback: Robert Mueller Has Abandoned The Russia Investigation After Determining That The Real Crime Is How Low The Prices Are On Kinja Deals. Worth The Wait: After Sorting Out Their Scheduling Conflicts, Over 400 Musicians Are Ready To Play A Relief Concert For The Victims Of Hurricane Andrew. Beautiful: This Man Lost 150 Pounds When He Stopped Eating 80 Bags Of Cola-Flavored Gummies A Day, And His Story Will Inspire Anyone With The Same Fucked-Up Situation. This Is One Of The Greatest Pieces Of Modern Art!. Sorry But There Are No MILFs Here. Find Out What Jason Biggs, Mark Zuckerberg, And Bernie Sanders Have To Say.    Deeply Troubling: This Boxing Match Between John Cena And Michael Caine Seemed Like It Was Going To Be For A Good Cause But No Charities Appear To Be Involved And Michael Caine Looks Pretty Injured. Who Gives A Shit? Seriously. .  "Thandie Newton's Android Character Is On A Desperate Mission To Spank Her Robot Daughter ": Everything You Need To Know About  "Westworld ". Responsible Gaming: Epic Games " Latest  "Fortnite " Update Includes Memorial-Service Cutscenes After Every Kill So Players Can Learn To Value Human Life. Almost Had Him: The Police Have Released The Golden State Killer From Custody Because He Was Just Too Creepy. Uh Oh: Pepsi Just Sent Out A Frantic Tweetstorm Asking If People Have Been Remembering To Boil Pepsi Before They Drink It. Find Out What Kendrick Lamar, Bill de Blasio, And Ruth Bader Ginsburg Have To Say.   
 5 Rejuvenating Stem-Cell Creams That Will Make You Look Younger And Rapidly Age Every Other Woman In A 10-Mile Radius. A Slippery Slope: Could Bill Cosby's Conviction Lead To A Mob Mentality Where Society Wantonly Punishes Any Serial Rapist After Decades Of Inaction?. Read This Transcript Of The Heartfelt Speech Mr. Rogers Gave In Front Of Congress To Plead For Fatter Puppets. Still Think GMOs Are Okay? . Wow. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Avengers ". Ignorance Is Bliss: The Baby From A Movie Is Now Old Enough To Drive, But We Won't Tell You Which Movie To Protect You From The Unrelenting Passage Of Time.   
 One For The Road: SeaWorld Has Realized People Will Be Mad At It No Matter What It Does So It's Just Going To See How Fat It Can Make A Dolphin Before It Goes Bankrupt. Before You Go See  "Avengers: Infinity War, " Here's Everything You Need To Know About The Endless Love And Compassion Of Our Lord And Savior Jesus Christ. Find Out What Gwyneth Paltrow, James Comey, And Elton John Have To Say. Okay, Ghost Masters! Now You Will Finally Gather Around The Campfire To Tell Us A Scary Story In The Comments Section In Order To Make Us Scream.  "If I Could Get My Hands On $40,000 I Would Quit Acting And Start A Laundromat ": 5 Questions With Milo Ventimiglia. Deluded: This Girl Somehow Thinks She's Going To Be Chosen To Speak At Graduation Even Though A Kid In Her Class Beat Cancer. Science FTW: A Team Of Weeping, Blood-Soaked Researchers Has Announced That The Music Of Phil Collins Makes Pandas Kill Each Other.    Post This On Your Facebook Wall To Let Your Friends Know That You Are Religious Now For Some Reason. Double Tragedy: When This Frat Pledge Had To Be Rushed To The Hospital For Alcohol Poisoning, Frat Brothers Pressured His Doctor Into Drinking A Handle Of Rum And They Both Died. Find Out What Martha Stewart, Cara Delevingne, And Paul Ryan Have To Say.  "Star Wars " Fans, Rejoice! EA Has Released A  "Star Wars " Game Where Players Control The Man Who Has To Put Yoda's Dead Body In A Trash Bag And Mail It To Han Solo. No Competition:  "The New York Times " Has Announced It Will Only Cover News About Koko The Gorilla Because Nothing Will Ever Be More Newsworthy Than A Talking Animal.  "The Name On My Birth Certificate Is Actually "The  "Dwayne Johnson' Rock," But People Always Get It Mixed Up ": 5 Questions With Dwayne  "The Rock " Johnson. A Kingpin Falls: The Leader Of MS-13 Was Apprehended After Filling Up A Free Water Cup With Dr. Pepper At A Soda Dispenser.    Actually Kind Of Nice: Witch Gives Voodoo Doll Massage. Find Out What Anthony Bourdain, Elizabeth Olsen, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. The NRA Is Claiming That The Tennessee Waffle House Shooting Would Not Have Happened If An Armed Teacher Had Been Teaching A Math Class There. Public Alert: The CDC Has Issued A Recall For All Romaine Lettuce Because It's Time For Pizza!. BEWARE OF THIS LIBERAL CONSPIRACY!. Find Out What Michael Caine, Autumn Reeser, And Anderson Cooper Have To Say. Righting A Wrong: MTV Has Admitted That Nicole Richie Should Have Been Disqualified For Using A Flamethrower Disguised As A Perfume Bottle To Incinerate Paris Hilton In Their 2006 Celebrity Deathmatch.   
 Going Rogue: This Mom Bought A Ticket To The Movie, Too, Even Though She Was Just Supposed To Drive Everyone To Theater And Then Leave. Bowing Out: Justin Timberlake Has Retired From Singing After Realizing That You Can Just Work In An Office. Vacation Ruined: 5 People Who Seemed To Know Dad Really Well When We Accidentally Wound Up In Amsterdam's Red-Light District. It's True. This Chilling Video Of George W. Bush And John Kerry Singing  "This Land Is Your Land " Shows How Easy It Is To Use Digital Facial Mapping To Fake Anyone Doing Anything. Happy 420 From The First Family!. Fed Up: AT&T Has Announced That If You Think You Can Make A Cell-Phone Tower Look Like A Tree Better Than They Can, Then Be Their Fucking Guest.    Absolutely Heartbreaking: The Editor Of Snopes Just Listed His Marriage Of 28 Years As A Hoax. Making Contact: Hundreds Of Alien Civilizations Have Journeyed To Earth After Finding Out About Walnuts. Find Out What James Mattis, Mike Trout, And Lori Greiner Have To Say. Iron Man's Suit Has A VR Pornography Setting In This One: Everything You Need To Know About  "Avengers: Infinity War ". After An Island-Wide Blackout Left Millions Of Puerto Ricans Without Power, This Amazing Charity Air-Dropped Printouts Of The Most Epic Trump Takedowns On Twitter. Dedication To The Faith: Pope Francis Stayed Up All Night Making A Squarespace Page For Catholicism. A Tale Of Redemption: 15 Years Ago This Man Killed 3 People In A Drunk Driving Accident And Now He's Traveling To Schools Across The Country To Warn Students That If A Bear Eats You Then That Bear Gets Your Memories.    Find Out What Axl Rose, Michelle Obama, And Kathryn Bigelow Have To Say. People Whom Tim Allen Ratted Out When He Got Arrested For Smuggling Cocaine In The 1970s Talk About How  "Home Improvement " Got Them Through Prison. Whoa: Morgan Switched To A Tote Bag Instead Of A Backpack. The Next Sully Sullenberger! When A Full-Grown Goose Got Stuck In This Man's Mouth, He Sprinted Into The Hudson River. This is A Beautiful Silver Lining. A Historic Loss: Barbara Bush, A Woman Famous For Never Once Being Horny For The  "Stranger Things " Kids, Has Passed Away At The Age Of 92.  "The Hardest Part Of Getting Famous Was Competing With Viral Instagram Videos Of Shaved Ferrets ": 5 Questions With Cardi B.   
 Find Out What David Attenborough, David Letterman, And Demi Moore Have To Say. The Power Of Unity: Man's 7 Dentists All Vote Unanimously To Put A Flower In His Mouth. Big Step Backward: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That Dementors Are The Wizarding World's Version Of Italians. Immersive Gaming FTW: Nintendo Has Released A Chair That Will Launch You Through Your TV If You Crash In  "Mario Kart ". Lending A Hand: H&M Has Added A Life Alert Button To Its Dressing Rooms To Save People Who Have A Stroke Seeing How Good They Look In Jeans. You Gotta Love This Dipshit! . Step Right Up And Feast Your Eyes On The Unfathomable Comey, The Man Who Is Both Good And Bad! The Beautiful Monster Who Makes Resisters " Minds Spin! Betrayer Of Hillary! Enemy Of Trump! Behold This Freak Of Nature!.    Bittersweet: Long Lost Father Returns From Sea To Lowball Son On Price Of His Snowblower.  "All The Paper Sales On .  Were Real And I'd Be Homeless Without The Commissions I Got From Those ": 5 Questions With John Krasinski. Find Out What Christopher Nolan, Kate Middleton, And Jon Hamm Have To Say. Supporting Its Passion: Coca-Cola Is Launching A Patreon To Crowdfund Its Soda Business. Do You Smell Luxurious Enough To Attend Warren Buffett's Extravagant Adult Baptism?. Find Out What Eminem, Steven Spielberg, And Aaron Judge Have To Say. PR Disaster: United Airlines Has Apologized To A Passenger After The Bomb In His Suitcase Was Destroyed Mid-Flight.    This Bitch: Of Course Margot's Only Skin Routine Is Splashing Her Face With Water At Night. 6 Reasons Brandon Gave For Why His Dad Isn't Around That Are Definitely Bullshit. Gaming History Unearthed: Fans Have Located The Desert Mass Grave Where Atari Buried All Of Its Employees Responsible For The  "E.T. " Video Game. Devastating: Amazon Studios Has Suspended Production Of  "Sneaky Pete " After Giovanni Ribisi Was Mistakenly Sold As Amazon's Deal Of The Day. What Do You Think? . Devastating: A Tearful, Exhausted Group Of Pixar Executives Have Announced That They Have No Idea What Kinds Of Antics Would Happen If Furniture Could Talk. Find Out What Dick Cheney, Freida Pinto, And Kevin Costner Have To Say.   
  "If Jesus Were Alive Today He Would Work At A Spencer's Gifts In The Mall And Never Get Laid ": 5 Questions With John Legend. A Real Shame: Brian Williams Is Being Forced To Resign From MSNBC After Leaked Documents Have Revealed That He's A Hillbilly. Down To The Wire: Kendrick Lamar Has A Big Concert On Wednesday And His Rap Tutor Is Out Of Town On Vacation. Welcome To Confession! Type Your Sins In the Comments Section Below To Get Officially Forgiven By ClickHole's Online Priest. Heartbreaking: Woman In Parking Garage Doesn't Remember Which Car She Hid Her Calzone Under. Find Out What Suze Orman, Adam Silver, And Bill de Blasio Have To Say. Fairness Win: The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Is Removing Every Musician Who Used Marijuana To Help In Writing Their Songs.    Roll Call! Comment "Present" Below To Verify That You Are In Attendance On ClickHole.com. ClickHole Has Comments Now! Please Familiarize Yourself With Our Harsh Yet Just Comment Laws. Commenting Pagoda. Clearing His Name: Congress Has Exonerated Mark Zuckerberg Of All Wrongdoing After He Revealed That The Winklevoss Twins Were The Ones Who Really Invented Facebook. You Are Shigeru Miyamoto! Can You Promote  "Super Mario " At The PAX Game Convention?. WARNING: YOU MUST BE RICH TO VIEW THIS CONTENT. Find Out What Jay Leno, Rick Bayless, And David Attenborough Have To Say.   
 Post This Video On Facebook To Let Your Friends Know That You Have Officially Completed Puberty. Worried About Your Data? Send Us Information About Yourself you'd Like To Keep Private, And We "ll Protect It And Never Sell It!. Dark Day In Comedy: Jerry Seinfeld And Kevin Hart, Filming An Episode Of  "Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee, " Have Fatally Crashed Into James Corden And Justin Timberlake Filming An Episode Of  "Carpool Karaoke ". All The Characters Die Within The First 2 Minutes And Then Lie There Motionless For The Rest Of The Film: Everything You Need To Know About  "Isle Of Dogs ". Heartbreaking: This Man Starved To Death Because He Was Too Captivated By The Diverse Array Of Content Offered By Properties Of The Gizmodo Media Group To Leave His Computer. Where Are Their Parents? 5 Doughy, Shirtless Kids Wandering Unattended Around This Cruise Ship With Horrible Sunburns. Amazing Sacrifice: A Trembling Dr. Oz Allowed The Audience To Consume Him After Realizing That His Body Is The Ultimate Superfood.    Ah, Humphrey Bogart--Simply Fantastic. A Class Act!. Find Out What Dustin Hoffman, Tim Burton, And Bill Nye Have To Say. This Would Be So Nice!. Public Interrogation: Every Senator Is Angrily Grilling Mark Zuckerberg On Why ClickHole's Articles Aren't Getting Shared As Widely On Facebook After It Changed Its Algorithms. We Tried A $7 Fat Bastard Impersonator Vs. A $7 Million Fat Bastard Impersonator.  "I'm Comfortable Exploring Taboos, But The One Line I Will Not Cross Is Hermit-Crab Sex ": 5 Questions With Ryan Murphy. I Would Never Let My Daughter Enter A Beauty Pageant, Because There's No Way In Hell she'd Win.     "I'm Comfortable Exploring Taboos, But The One Line I Will Not Cross Is Hermit-Crab Sex ": 5 Questions With Ryan Murphy. Life Hack: How To Order Off Menu At The San Diego Zoo. 5 Unexpected Ways Your Life Changes After You Get  "WALL-E " On Blu-Ray. End Of An Era: The New York Philharmonic Has Split Up After Its Tuba Player Started Dating Yoko Ono. Totally Unprofessional: Lorde Kept Stopping Her Concert Last Night To Check Whether The Mousetrap In Her Dressing Room Had Caught Any Big, Juicy Rats. Major Blunder:  "60 Minutes " Slimed A WWII Veteran Mid-Interview In A Disastrous Attempt To Broaden The Show's Appeal To Children. Eyes On The Crown: Meghan Markle Just Smothered Ringo Starr With A Pillow In A Misguided Attempt To Make Herself Next In Line To Be Queen.    Find Out What Pope Francis, Hayao Miyazaki, And Gwyneth Paltrow Have To Say. My Sons Taught Themselves To Be Feminists Without My Help, What The Fuck. All Of Roseanne Barr's Real-Life Husbands, Tom Arnold, MechaTomArnold, And Vietnamese Tom Arnold, Appeared On The Show: Everything You Need To Know About  "Roseanne ". If you're Not A Police Officer, You Can't Understand The Pressure You Feel In The Split Second When You Have To Decide Whether Or Not To Shoot An Unarmed Civilian 8 Times. Heartbreaking: This High School Boy Is Relentlessly Bullied Just For Carrying An AR-15 To School Every Day. Jumping The Gun: This Man Just Told His Kids To Call His Friend  "Uncle Jeff " Even Though They've Only Been Friends For 2 Weeks. Legendary Art: The Napkin That David Hyde Pierce Used At Breakfast This Morning Is Coming To This Maniac's Shrine To David Hyde Pierce.    Find Out What Shailene Woodley, John Cena, And Tom Hanks Have To Say. Welcome To Westworld! Can You Retrieve Your Wedding Ring From The Robot Prostitute You Lost It In?. Hoggpacalypse NOW! America's HOGG (David) Is Using His SNOUT (deep state) To Snatch Up Our PRECIOUS AMERICAN TRUFFLES (guns) And We MUST Stop Him (Hogg) Before It's TOO LATE (Hoggpacalypse Now).  "The New Carmen Sandiego Will Spend A Few Years With Her Ass Stuck In Old Faithful ": 5 Questions With Gina Rodriguez. Devastating: This Man Mistook His Carbon Monoxide Alarm For His Ape Detector. Defending The Second Amendment: The NRA Is Attempting To Justify The Sale Of AR-15s By Developing Genetically Modified Super Deer That Can Only Be Hunted With Assault Rifles. Serious About His Craft: Dave Franco Has Lost 100 Pounds And Is Learning To Ballroom Dance In Hopes That A Role Comes Around That Calls For That.    5 Things On Your Coworker's Desk That Seem To Suggest Ron Jeremy Is His Son. Find Out What Jude Law, Jennifer Aniston, And Neil deGrasse Tyson Have To Say. ATTENTION PATRIOTS: BEWARE OF THE REAL DAVID HOGG!. Heartbreaking: Child Reserves 40 Seats For Her Dad At Her Recital And Only 7 Of Him Show Up. Feminism FTW: Pornhub Just Released A Feature For Women That Warns You Beforehand If The Guy In The Video Looks Like An Old-Ass Weirdo. His Magnum Opus: Al Roker Just Entered Hour 27 Of His Weather Forecast For The Next 50 Years. How Many Of These Ways Have You Padded Out The Running Time Of Your Brother's Funeral?.   
 Find Out What Heidi Klum, George Clooney, And Suze Orman Have To Say. Find Out What Jimmie Johnson, Emeril Lagasse, And Jon Hamm Have To Say. The Cost Of Feminism: This Single Mother Has Been In Labor For Two Months Because The Father Isn't There To Tell Her To Push. Jennifer Garner Is In This Movie, So Your Mom Will Have A Good Time Even If She's Homophobic As Hell: Everything You Need To Know About  "Love, Simon ". Animal Rights FTW: PETA Will Now Make An Exception For Animal-Tested Lipsticks If They're Able To Turn The Mouse They're Tested On Into A Gal That Lights Up A Room. Quick Thinking: Guy Watching Porn Covers iPad In Mustard When His Wife Walks In. Chaos: Williams-Sonoma Has Recalled Thousands Of Decorative Coffee-Table Bowls After Realizing They Look Much Better On A Shelf.    Showing Both Sides: ABC Is Balancing Out . 's Pro-Trump Politics By Airing A Scene After Every Episode Where Donald Trump Drowns In The Conner Family Bathtub. Fall From Grace: Gatorade Sales Have Plummeted After A French Food Critic Gave Cool Blue A Bad Review In  "Le Monde ". Scientists Have Urged The Public Not To Forget That There's A Whole Worm World Going On Beneath Us All The Time. Is Your Flamingo Sick Enough To Make A Movie About?. Incredible Offer: Supercuts Will Now Give You A Free Haircut If You Beg Them To. Avoid These 4 Common Mistakes When Applying To Secret Harvard. Find Out What Wolfgang Puck, Surgeon General Jerome Adams, And Cynthia Nixon Have To Say.    Ready To Feel Young And Fat? The Dad From  "Malcolm In The Middle " Just Turned 8 Years Old And Weighs 17 Pounds. Spirit Of Easter: When These Parents Didn't Have Enough Money To Get Their Kids Easter Baskets, Cadbury Gave Them The Go-Ahead On Twitter To Steal Candy From Walmart. Not Sure This Counts: This Kid's Science Fair Project Is Just A Frog In A Jar. Something For Everybody: Chicago's Planetarium Is Adding An Exhibit About Andre The Giant For People Who Aren't Interested In Space.  "I'm Running For Governor Of New York Because I'm Sick Of Seeing Rats Ride The Subway For Free ": 5 Questions With Cynthia Nixon. Find Out What Edward Snowden, Clint Eastwood, And Gary Oldman Have To Say. If People Deleting Facebook Want To Be A Part Of A Social Network, They're Welcome To Come Connect With Friends Among The Piles Of Belts At Marshalls (by the CEO of Marshalls).    Make Them Yours! Use The Slider To Buy Some Congressmen. Gym Teachers Ranked By How Important They Feel The Follow-Through Motion Is In Basketball. The Great Exodus: Rabbis Explain The Story Of Passover. How Many Of These Ways Have You Alienated The Cast Of Your Community Theater Production Of  "Les Miserables "?. Joining The Resistance: This Woman Marched With The Florida Teens Because She Thought She Was At Mardi Gras. Find Out What Stephen A. Smith, Burt Reynolds, And Cecily Strong Have To Say. Open For Business: Tommy Lee Jones Finally Turned 18.    Honoring A Legend: The LA Lakers Have Retired Kobe Bryant's Basketball Horse. The First Show To Explore The Moral Dilemma Of Whether Having Sex With A Werewolf Is Bestiality: Everything You Need To Know About  "Buffy The Vampire Slayer ". Awesome: Centrum Has Created A Pre-Natal Cow That Ravenous Pregnant Women Can Devour For 1,000 Pounds Of Essential Vitamins And Minerals. 5 Ways To Restore Your Reputation As The  "Ostrich Whisperer " After An Ostrich Rips Your Face Off. Amazing: This Man Is Thanking His Surgeons After They Left A Signed Wayne Gretzky Hockey Stick Inside Him During Surgery. Find Out What Sean Penn, Donnie Wahlberg, And Orlando Bloom Have To Say. How Many Of These Sentences Have You Used To End Your Weekly Email Newsletter About Horse Hypnosis?.   
 Are You Ready To Take The ClickVenture Challenge?. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Goodfellas ". Potterheads Rejoice! The Complete  "Harry Potter " Series Is Being Re-Released With Every Word In Italics.  "Ever Since I Could Remember, I've Always Enjoyed Screaming About What People Are Doing Right In Front Of Me ": 5 Questions With Dick Vitale. Inspiring: This Bully Keeps Guessing Fat Classmates " Weights But She's So Good At It That It Came Back Around To Impressive. Find Out What Ariana Grande, Patrick Stewart, And Toys "R" Us CEO Dave Brandon Have To Say. Wildlife Rescue: PETA Has Come Out With An Emergency Entertainment Kit In Case You Come Across A Deer That Looks Bored.    The Final Countdown: There Are Only 48 Hours Left Until Tommy Lee Jones Turns 18 And Is Legal To Have Sex With!. Every Parent Wants To See Their Child Do Well, But I'd Be Lying If I Didn't Admit That Watching My Loser Son Fail At Everything He Tries Has Been Pretty Entertaining. He's A Go90 Guy. She's A Pluto TV Girl. Here's How This Odd Couple Makes It Work.. 5 Awesome Sex Toys That Would Have Really Hit The Spot After A Long Day Working On The Transcontinental Railroad. Find Out What Kelly Clarkson, Bear Grylls, And Penn Jillette Have To Say. UPDATE: Every Facebook User Who Clicked The New  "Protect My Data " Button That Does Nothing But Feels Good To Press Has Had Their Data Stolen By Cambridge Analytica. The 5 Chicks I Saw Online.    Everyday Hero: Forest Whitaker Just Found A Dildo On The Ground And Is Making Sure No One Touches It Until The Police Can Come Take It Away. Feminism FTW: This Empowering New Children's Book Teaches Young Girls That Women Of All Shapes And Sizes Can Hunt Dogs. Producers Were Not Able To Secure The Rights To The Piano-Key Necktie: Everything You Need To Know About  "Ready Player One ". His Special Buddy: This 7-Year-Old Boy Is Secretly Raising Ichiro In His Closet. Find Out What Ariana Grande, Mike Trout, And Mark Zuckerberg Have To Say. Heartbreaking: This Lonely 9-Year-Old Brought Two Roasted Chickens To Life By Pumping Them Full Of Electricity, And Now The Roasted Chickens Are Having Sex With Each Other Instead Of Going On Adventures With Him. These Elderly People's Stories Of An Early, Unsafe Version Of Disneyland Will Terrify You.    20 Ways To Tell The Difference Between A Nearby Rooster And A Faraway Rooster. Branching Out: Yao Ming Has Been Hanging Outside GameStop Asking Customers If They Would Be Interested In A Video Game About His Long Legs Having A Big Adventure. Taking A Stand: An Ohio English Teacher Has Removed All the N-Words From  "Huckleberry Finn' And Put Them Into Mary Shelley's  "Frankenstein ". Find Out What Ted Turner, Werner Herzog, And Bill Gates Have To Say. This Is Fascinating. The Peel:  "Christmas Eve, 1993 " By Elliot Pevner. White House In Turmoil: Trump Just Fired The Cloaked Man He Appointed To Secretary Of The Hook.    Sacred Tradition: The Rich Blond Girls From College Have Embarked On Their Yearly Pilgrimage To Aspen To Get Drunk On A Mountain Before Noon.  "The Only Superhero That Little Girls Had When I Was A Kid Was The Morton Salt Girl ": 5 Questions With Krysten Ritter. Men, Stop Telling Women To Calm Down And Swim Perpendicular To The Riptide. Find Out What Jack Dorsey, John Williams, And Jonathan Nolan Have To Say. End Of An Era: The Last Remaining Male White Rhino, Whose Penis Was Being Used To Fill A Hole In The Hoover Dam, Has Died. Disgusting: ISIS Has Released A Moving Fan-Tribute Video To The Villainous Captain Barbossa From The  "Pirates Of The Caribbean' Franchise. 4 Ways Hephaestus Needs To Step It Up Before I'll Even Think About Worshipping Him.    The 3 Times Mom Showed Cleavage.  "As An Homage To The Video Game, Some Theaters Will Play A Speedrun Version Where The Entire Film Is Shown In Just 14 Minutes ": Everything You Need To Know About  "Tomb Raider ". Eternal Mystery: No One Can Tell Whether The Little Boy In A Suit Holding The Door For Everybody Works At This Restaurant Or Not. Unbelievably Rare: This Is The First Vernal Equinox To Fall On The Blu-Ray And DVD Release Date Of  "Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle ". Find Out What Conor McGregor, Cobie Smulders, And Lou Bega Have To Say. Incredible Sacrifice: Meet The Heroic Teen Who Volunteered To Be Pierced 50,000 Times In Order To Save Claire's From Bankruptcy. Privacy Win! Facebook Is Adding A  "Protect My Data " Button That Does Nothing But Feels Good To Press.    Stealing The Show: Channing Tatum Is Really Hitting It Off With This Make-A-Wish Kid's Much More Charming Friend. Good Luck, Lady: Grandma Just Started Watching  "Sons Of Anarchy " In Hospice, Which Is Pretty Optimistic Considering There Are 7 Seasons. Toys  "R " Us Is Going Out Of Business Because America Wasn't Ready To Accept A Celibate Giraffe Mascot. Find Out What Robert Downey Jr., Dolly Parton, And George Saunders Have To Say. Environmentalism FTW: NASCAR Is Cutting Down On Emissions By Replacing All The Race Cars With A Single Bus That Drivers Share. Heartwarming: When This Restaurant Saw A Lonely Old Man Eating Across From A Photo Of His Dead Wife, They Gave Him A Way-Hotter Photo Of Carmen Electra.  "If You Look Closely In The Scene Where Elisa Makes Love To The Amphibian Man, You Can See The Virgin Mary Sitting On The Toilet Smiling In Approval ": 5 Questions With Guillermo Del Toro.    End Of An Era: The Yakuza Has Announced That It is Switching From Committing Crimes To Babysitting. 6 Times The Disciples Asked Jesus If They Could Go Home, Ranked By How Mad It Made Jesus. Find Out What Emma Stone, Shigeru Miyamoto, And Anthony Bourdain Have To Say. Genetic Mystery: Spending A Year In Space Has Left Astronaut Scott Kelly With A Much Funnier Way Of Saying  "Check, Please! " Than His Identical Twin Brother. The 5 Neighbor Kids Who Drink From The Birdbath In My Backyard, Ranked By Whether It Seems Like They're Doing It For Fun Or Survival. Damn: Tina Wasted A Cute Outfit On Falling Down A Fire Escape. Share This Video To Tell Your Friends you're Stuck In A Ditch And Not Trying To Get Out.    Want To Own A Piece Of Sports History? The Little Boy Who Caught Derek Jeter's Final Home-Run Ball Is Up For Auction. Heartbreaking: The CEO Of Tide Has Posted Dozens Of Videos Of Him Slamming Himself In The Nuts With A Hoover Vacuum To Try And Kick Off A Viral Challenge That Doesn't Involve Tide. Find Out What Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Reba McEntire, And Timothee Chalamet Have To Say. Farewell, Stephen. Doing His Part: To Support The High School Students Walking Out Today, Logan Paul Has Postponed His Epic School-Shooter Prank. I Did Everything I Could To Buy ClickHole, But Their Editorial Integrity Won Out Over My Billion-Dollar Offers, And I Respect Them Even More For That (By Elon Musk). The Peel:  "The Deer " By Elena Parker.   
 This Is The Fourth Movie Where Natalie Portman Plays Jackie Kennedy: Everything You Need To Know About  "Annihilation ". We Need To Talk About Paying College Athletes For A Couple Seconds So Our Consciences Can Rest Easy And We Can Enjoy March Madness. 6 Signs you're The Only One Of The Bank Hostages Not Invited To Chili's Afterwards. Find Out What Helen Hunt, Patricia Heaton, And Woody Harrelson Have To Say. How Many Of These Ways Have You Passive-Aggressively Suggested To Your Neighbor That He Shrink His Children Down To The Size Of Ants?. Heartbreaking: Rex Tillerson Has Spent The Morning Boxing Up All The Oil In His State Department Office.  "Cory Booker Would Be A Good President If He Stopped Claiming The Attack On Pearl Harbor As His Finest Achievement ": 5 Questions With Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.    Inconsiderate: Man Is Running Late For Job Interview At Google Because His Parents And Their Friend Dylan Are Busy Having Sex In His Car. Someone's Getting Fired! Some Hapless Bozo At This Opioid Company Accidentally Implemented A Business Model That Incentivizes Profit Over Public Safety. Absolutely Beautiful: Last Night Beyonce Performed A Moving Duet Of  "Crazy In Love " With A Hologram Of John Candy. The 6 Weirdest Kids In My 7-Year-Old Daughter's Class, Ranked By How Adversely They Affected My Experience Chaperoning The Aquarium Field Trip. Find Out What Lesley Manville, Evan Rachel Wood, And Adele Have To Say. ATTENTION, PATRIOTS! The SICKOS At Netflix Are Translating  "CHEERS " Into EVIL SPANISH So ILLEGALS Can Learn Our PRECIOUS  "CHEERS " SECRETS. Every 6th-Grader Who Goes Balls To The Wall During Gym-Class Badminton Ranked By How Bad Their Asses Reek For The Rest Of The Day.   
 Inspiring: This Video Game Developer Is Making His Employees Work 18-Hour Days And Weekends To Make Sure The Main Character Has A Purple Hat. Breaking The Cycle Of Addiction: Heineken Has Unveiled New Bottles With Extra-Long Necks To Give Alcoholics Time To Think About All The People They're Letting Down. Inspiring: After 4 Hours In A Recliner, This Dad Is Learning To Walk Again. Find Out What Daisy Ridley, Christina Hendricks, And Hillary Clinton Have To Say. Playing Cupid: Barron Trump Tricked Donald Trump And Stormy Daniels Into Showing Up To The Same Romantic Dinner In Hopes They Get Back Together. Check Out This New Benihana-Style Restaurant Where They Work Out The Schedule For The Week Right In Front Of You. Off The Rails: The Actor Playing Willy Loman In This Production Of  "Death Of A Salesman' Is Refusing To Die And The Cast Is Now Improvising The Rest Of His Life.    Reform At Last: After The Parkland Shooting This Florida Gun Store Changed Its Sign From "GUNS! GUNS! GUNS!" To "Guns. Guns. Guns.". Giving Back To The Community: The Bang Bus Will Now Be Used To Transport Retirement Home Residents To Plays On Weekends. Everything You Need To Know About  "A Wrinkle In Time ". Find Out What Dr. Sanjay Gupta, Janet Jackson, And Rachel Bilson Have To Say. Incredible Discovery: Scientists Are 99% Certain That The Bones They Found On A Pacific Island Belonged To Either Amelia Earhart Or Jesus Christ. The 6 Best Musicals About A Small Orphan Girl And A Bald Adult Man. Unlocking The Past: Ancestry.com Now Tells You Which Of Your Ancestors Were So Hot It Would've Been Pretty Hard To Resist Committing Incest With Them.    Public Health Win! Purdue Pharma Has Released A New Type Of Oxycontin To Help Ease The Pain Of Losing A Loved One To Oxycontin. End Of An Era: Heinz Has Announced It Will Stop Producing Ketchup Because The Thrill Is Gone. Find Out What Kylie Jenner, Lindsey Vonn, And Mike Trout Have To Say. Post This Video On The Pep Boys Facebook Page To Let Them Know You Are Circumcised. Absolutely Beautiful: When These 8th-Graders Found Out Their Teacher Had Eczema, They Raised The $200,000 Stud Fee For His Dog To Have Sex With Legendary Racehorse American Pharoah. Bad News, Music Lovers: Yo-Yo Ma Has Fallen In Love And Broken The Agreement He Made With A Mystic Who Gave Him His Musical Gift In Exchange For A Lifetime Of Solitude.  "The Character Lady Bird Is Based On Paula Deen, And It Was An Honor To Help Put Her Story Out There ": 5 Questions With Saoirse Ronan.    The Peel: "I Need To Be Adopted By Michael Jordan" By Keith R. Wallace. Tough But Fair: This Teacher Confiscated A School Shooter's AR-15 For The Rest Of The Day. Doing The Right Thing: Kay Jewelers Has Announced It Will Now Donate The Unsold Diamonds It Throws Out At The End Of Each Day. Find Out What Jamie Oliver, Mike Pompeo, And Andre 3000 Have To Say. Doing What It Takes: This Local News Station Has Roofied Its Weatherman Just Before His Segment In The Hopes That He "ll Commit Some Kind Of Viral Gaffe. I Understand The Plight Of Hardworking Americans Because My Husband Is A Dust Bowl--Era Okie. A Changed Man: Richard Dawkins Has Converted To Christianity After Watching One Episode Of  "VeggieTales ".   
 The Latest Evil Immigrant Scheme: Illegal Aliens Are TEAMING UP To Produce MICRO-ILLEGALS That Are Small Enough To Run RIGHT THROUGH An ICE Agent's LEGS!. Heartbreaking: It Looks Like None Of The Students Are Taking Out Their Phones To Record This Social Studies Teacher's Black Eyed Peas Mashup Parody Overviewing The Treaty Of Versailles. Find Out What Tony Hawk, Sir Elton John, And Martha Stewart Have To Say. Taking Him Under His Wing: After The Oscars Ceremony Last Night, Daniel Day-Lewis Pulled Timothee Chalamet Aside And Counted To 1,000. Missed Our Oscars Live-Tweet Last Night? Here Are 15 Tweets That Sum The Night Up Perfectly. Where Are They Now: Whatever Happened To That Kid From  "Call Me By Your Name "?. Are You Rich Enough To Look At ClickHole's Platinum Collection Of Ultra-Elite Content?.     "The Hunger Games " Gets So Much Wrong About How Forcing People To Fight To The Death For The Enjoyment Of Wealthy Elites Really Works. Heartbreaking: When This 26-Year-Old Married A Rich Old Man, She Found Out There Was An Richer, Even Older Man Out There. It's Called Chrysalis Sessions, And It's A Music Festival Where The Ultra-Wealthy Get To Crawl Inside The Musicians While They Play. Boy Billionaire Caspian Rutherford's 6 Secrets To Driving The Nanny Mad So You Can Get A Day With Mum Mum. Heartbreaking: This Man's Roommate Has Officially Gotten Comfortable Enough To Quietly Sing To Himself Around The Apartment. Find Out What Anna Kendrick, Derek Jeter, And Dwayne Johnson Have To Say. We Get It, you're An Ally: Matt Damon Went Totally Overboard At The Oscars When He Ran On Stage Holding Harvey Weinstein's Severed Penis To Support The #MeToo Movement.    We Get It, you're An Ally: Matt Damon Went Totally Overboard At The Oscars When He Ran On Stage Holding Harvey Weinstein's Severed Penis To Support The #MeToo Movement. Emotional Moment: Robert De Niro Just Saw Himself In The Memoriam Reel, And Now He Can't Get The Attention Of Anyone In The Oscars Audience. Awkward: Margot Robbie And Saoirse Ronan Wore The Exact Same Cursed Amulet To The Oscars And Now They're Both Floating Above The Audience Speaking A Forgotten Language. Too Cute: The Amphibian Man From  "The Shape Of Water " Brought His Mom To The Oscars And It's Absolutely Adorable. How Many Of These Things Have You Yelled While Having Mind-Blowing Sex With R.L. Stine?. 6 Old Acquaintances Who Conveniently Came Out Of The Woodwork Right When I Won A Lifetime Supply Of Angelo Parodi Sardine Portoghesi All "Olio Di Oliva. To Denote The Passing Of Time, Episodes Will Cut To Kristen Bell's Corpse In Various Stages Of Decay Back On Earth: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Good Place ".    Utter Pandemonium: Grandma Really Did A Number On The TV Settings Before Asking For Help With The Remote. Find Out What Floyd Mayweather, Meghan Trainor, And Miley Cyrus Have To Say. Sports Prodigy: This Baby Was Born Shaped Exactly Like A Tennis Racket. Best Promotion Ever? Long John Silver's Will Award A Lifetime Of Free Popcorn Shrimp To Whoever Brings Them The Head Of The Sea Serpent That Killed Its CEO. The Geometry Of Emotion: How Paul Thomas Anderson Uses Hot Dog Shapes In His Films To Create Mood. Take That, Drumpf! Planters Peanuts Announced That Even Though Mr. Peanut Really Wants To Have Sex With Donald Trump, They Will Never Let Him. Incredibly Kind: Harry Styles Has Gained 800 Pounds So That Fans At His Concerts Can See Him Better.    Incredibly Kind: Harry Styles Has Gained 800 Pounds So That Fans At His Concerts Can See Him Better. Feminism FTW: Scholastic Is Releasing An Empowering Book Series About Historical Princesses That Blacks Out The Chapter Where They Get Married At Age 12. Find Out What David Blaine, David Attenborough, And LeBron James Have To Say. The Peel: "For Dad" By Ellen Stevenson.  "I Would Like To Play An Even Older Version Of Yoda Where He's Doing All The Things On His Bucket List Like Going To A Circus Or Buying A Watch ": 5 Questions With Chadwick Boseman. Sad Time For America: Even The Jocks Are Taking This Active Shooter Drill Seriously. As Hard As It Can Be To Remember, There Are Some Things In Life That Are Just More Important Than Rats.    A Lesson In Responsibility: Benny The Bull Has Died After The Bulls Player Whose Turn It Was To Take Him Home For The Weekend Forgot To Feed Him. No Way! Before They Worked Together In  "Call Me By Your Name, " Timothee Chalamet And Armie Hammer Both Lived In Fear Of The Same Witch. Find Out What Al Gore, Billy Corgan, And Jennifer Aniston Have To Say. Hard To Watch: This Girl Who Won't Go In The Pool Because She Just Got Her First Period Is Way Overselling Her Lie About How Her Religion Doesn't Allow Swimming. Devastating: Watch This Guy Realize That When His Coworkers Stood At His Desk And Applauded While He Sang  "Ave Maria " Last Week, It Was A One-Time Thing. Could The Amazon Employee Crouched Under Our Kitchen Tables Be Spying On Us?.  "My Goal Is To Become So Great At Snowboarding That Christopher Meloni Is Referred To As The Chloe Kim Of Acting ": 5 Questions With Chloe Kim.    Workers " Rights Win! This New Labor Law States That Any Cake Containing A Stripper Must Have A Functioning Restroom Inside It. Taking A Stand: Campbell's Soup Has Announced That It Will No Longer Allow NRA Members To Swim In Its Soup Vats. Find Out What Lorde, Mitt Romney, And Bindi Irwin Have To Say. Awesome Artifact: The Muppet Mistress Jim Henson Made For Himself When He And His Wife Were Going Through A Rocky Patch Is On Display At The Smithsonian. Safety FTW: This Nonprofit Gives Women The Keys To A Different Apartment So They Can Have A Romantic Walk Home Without Letting Their Date Know Where They Live Just Yet. Meemaw Fans Rejoice: They Found Meemaw Down By The Creek, And She's Been Safely Returned To The Insane Asylum. The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That The Lunatic That Eats Harry Potter On His 60th Birthday Goes On To Marry Ross From  "Friends ".   
 The Saga Continues: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed That The Lunatic That Eats Harry Potter On His 60th Birthday Goes On To Marry Ross From  "Friends ". It's Cute That They're Trying: The Guys In The Dorky Fraternity Are Really Giving Hazing Their Best Shot This Year. Find Out What Lupita Nyong "o, Anthony Hopkins, And Ajit Pai Have To Say. Infrastructure Emergency: Experts Say That America Is Dangerously Underprepared For 60 Million Tons Of Sunscreen Falling From The Sky. 6 Times Dr. Phil Got Called Out By Guests For Trying To Discreetly Eat Sunflower Seeds While They Were Crying. Not Afraid Anymore: Since Last Week's Episode Of  "America's Funniest Home Videos " Aired, Thousands Of Americans Have Come Forward With Stories Of Wiping Out. Amazing: After A Canceled Flight Caused This Man To Miss His Niece's Wedding, He Tweeted At Foot Locker Asking For $21 To Buy Walnuts On The Dark Web And They Said No.    Plagiarism?: This Library's Poster of Karl Malone That Says "Reading Rocks!" Is Suspiciously Similar To A Poster of Chris Webber That Says "Reading ...It Rocks!". Find Out What Tom Hanks, Elon Musk, And IOC President Thomas Bach Have To Say. Del Toro Insisted He Make All The Water With His Own Body: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Shape Of Water ". I've Got A Message For President Trump, But It's Late And I Need To Go To Bed. Huge Upset: An Olympic Stadium Janitor Just Won Gold In Figure Skating After He Tripped Onto The Ice And Wowed The Judges With His Surprisingly Graceful Slips And Slides. Amazing: The Papal Bobsled Team Just Took Home Bronze For Vatican City. Whoa: Morgan Brought Coffee To First Period.    Farewell To A Legend: This Bra From High School Has Finally Been Granted In-House-Only Status. Olympic Triumph: Fat Jared Fogle And Thin Jared Fogle Just Won The Gold Medal For Pairs Figure Skating With A Gorgeous Program That Left The Judges In Tears. Find Out What Kit Harington, Jada Pinkett Smith, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. Sensible Gun Reform: Florida Will Now Require Anyone Carrying Out A School Shooting To Be Accompanied By A Therapist To Ensure They're Not Mentally Ill. Sorry Liberals, But Gun Control Won't Stop Jackie Chan If He Wants To Take Out 30 People With A Single Mop. You Are The Person In The Donald Duck Costume At Disney World. Can You Find One True Friend?. Olympics Disaster: Women's Figure Skating Had To Share The Olympic Rink After Being Double-Booked With A 7-Year-Old's Birthday Party.   
  "There's A Third Coen Brother Whose Only Job Is To Make Sure Everybody Has Sunscreen On ": 5 Questions With Frances McDormand. Find Out What Tommy Lee Jones, Stephen King, And Ruth Bader Ginsburg Have To Say. Crisis: The ISS Has Run Out Of Oxygen After All The Astronauts Yawned At The Exact Same Time. Pregnant Wife Runs Husband Over With Gender Reveal Bus. The Name Referenced In The Title Is  "Frelvis ": Everything You Need To Know About  "Call Me By Your Name ". Every Night I Lie Awake, Worrying About The Possibility Of Coinstar Technology Falling Into The Wrong Hands (By Jens Molbak, Founder Of Coinstar). Utter Selflessness: Channing Tatum Has Announced That He Will Compete In The Iditarod To Give Shy People Something To Discuss With Their Barber.    Utter Selflessness: Channing Tatum Has Announced That He Will Compete In The Iditarod To Give Shy People Something To Discuss With Their Barber. Major Announcement: Paul McCartney Just Revealed That He Is Just Going To Keep The Same Haircut He Has Now Until He Dies. Find Out What David Benioff, Larry Page, And Bill Maher Have To Say. Inspiring: This Non-Profit Helps Former Prisoners Find Jobs By Covering Up Their Face Tattoos With Business Tattoos. Incredibly Modest: Barack Obama Still Hasn't Told Any Of His Friends Or Family That He Won The 2009 Nobel Peace Prize. Incredible Discovery: Historians Now Believe That The Egyptians Finished The Pyramids In, Like, A 2-Week Stretch Where They Were In The Zone And It Just Flowed Out Of Them. Heartwarming: This Man And Woman Are From Different Religions But They Still Had Sex On A Park Bench!.   
 Find Out What Yao Ming, Reese Witherspoon, And Kylie Jenner Have To Say.  "I've Been Eating Thousands Of Cicadas Just In Case That's The Requirement For Getting A Star On The Hollywood Walk Of Fame ": 5 Questions With Daniel Kaluuya. Share This Video To Let Your Friends Know That The Squatter In Your Kitchen Is Dying!. Free At Last: After 50 Years, Jane Goodall's Family Has Finally Raised The Ransom Money To Buy Her Back From The Apes. Unthinkable Cruelty: A New Investigative Report Has Uncovered The Lab Where The DNC Is Testing Cory Booker's Presidential Appeal On Animals. This Is Why We Watch: A Zamboni Just Performed The First Ever Quadruple Axel In Olympics History. Find Out What David Copperfield, Hulk Hogan, And Pope Francis Have To Say.    Touching: The NRA Is Releasing A Commemorative Line Of AR-15 Rifles To Raise Money For The Victims In Parkland. Brave: Emma Stone Just Opened Up About Her Childhood Struggle With Object Permanence. Which One Of My Enchanted Marionettes That Love North Korea And America The Same Amount Are You?. Incredible: 17-Year-Old Chloe Kim Won Olympic Gold Even Though She Was Required To Have A Parent Or Guardian On Her Snowboard With Her. Find Out What Rob Gronkowski, Christopher Nolan, And Paul McCartney Have To Say. Beautiful! Obama Just Proudly Nailed His Presidential Portrait To The Side Of His Car. Inclusivity Win! Head & Shoulders Will Begin Selling Pre-Shed Skin Flakes For People Who Don't Have Dandruff But Have Always Wanted To Try Head & Shoulders.    Immigrant Scourge: An Investigation Has Revealed That The Las Vegas Shooter May Have Gotten The Energy To Kill From Food Made By An Illegal Alien. Transparency FTW! Facebook Will Now Send You Open And Honest Updates About How Powerless You Are. Sad: Matt Lauer Is Using The "Glacier" Background On Google Hangouts To Make It Look Like He's Covering The Olympics. The U.S. Army Has Mistakenly Declared War On Wakanda 17 Times: Everything You Need To Know About  "Black Panther ". Find Out What David Attenborough, Jeff Bezos, And Gene Hackman Have To Say. Gut-wrenching: Italian Waiter Grinds Fresh Black Pepper Onto Daughter's Grave.  "After Retiring From Acting I Hope To Go Fishing For Exactly 2 Minutes And Then Die ": 5 Questions With Daniel Day-Lewis.    Olympic Spirit: In An Amazing Act Of Unity, North And South Korean Athletes Have Been Working Together To Convince Shaun White He's Dead. Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far Yesterday When Big Bird Dunked A Child In A Bucket Of Soapy Water And Used Him Like A Sponge To Wash His Boat?. Heartbreaking Innocence: This Middle School Kid Doesn't Realize That You Can 100% Lie Playing Never Have I Ever. Lesson Learned: This Police Department Is Realizing That The Quirky, Offbeat Detective It Hired Who Talks Through A Puppet Is Not A Deductive Genius At All. How The Mighty Have Fallen: Jeff Bezos Has Blown His Entire Fortune Trying To Win A Giant Stuffed Taz At Six Flags. Find Out What Barack Obama, Chloe Kim, And Shaun White Have To Say. Science FTW: After An Exhaustive 3-Hour Social Media Study, MIT Researchers Have Determined That Brian's New Girlfriend Is Not Even That Pretty.    The Gift That Keeps On Giving: This Girl's Dad Is Still Dressed Up As Dumbledore The Week After Her Birthday, And Now His 2 Friends Are, Too. Amazing: A Team Of Scientists Just Found Perfectly Good Hardwood Floors Beneath The Earth's Crust. Sad News For Everyone In The Forest: There Is A Rat In The Forest. College Board Has Announced That It Will Add 50 Points To Your SAT Score If A School Shooting Happens During Your Test. Progress FTW: Now That She's Sure Her Daughter's Tomboy Thing Was Just A Phase, This Mom Is Speaking Out About How Cool She Was With It. Find Out What IOC President Thomas Bach, Jake Tapper, And Kendrick Lamar Have To Say. Find Out What Greta Gerwig, Miranda Kerr, And Justin Trudeau Have To Say.    Not Their Best Work: Boston Dynamics Has Engineered A Microwave That Can Get Tired. Olympic Shake Up: Thanks To A Paid Partnership With The IOC, Olympic Athletes Will Now Be Skating On A Rink Of Frozen V8 Sea Salt and Clam Vegetable Cocktail. Animal Rights Win! The San Diego Zoo Is Finally Letting Its Animals Get Pierced Ears And Go To The Mall All By Themselves. A Better Future: Researchers Have Finally Found The Antidote To Mountain Dew. Heartwarming: When This Woman Lost All Her Life Savings At Herbalife, The Amway Community Welcomed Her With Open Arms. The  "I " in  "I, Tonya " Stands For  "Ice Skating ": Everything You Need To Know About.  "I, Tonya ". Body Positivity Win:  "Boys " Life " Magazine Just Picked A Plus-Sized Boy For Its Annual Sexiest Boy Alive Issue.    Anyone Questioning My Support Of Israel By Citing My Time As A PLO Guerrilla Need Only Look At My Years Of Service In The IDF. Incredible: This Man Always Dreamed Of Moving To South America, And When He Turned 30 He Finally Buried That Shit So Fucking Deep In Bird-Watching. Heartwarming: When This Woman Dressed Up As Elsa From  "Frozen, " Thousands Of Little Girls With Cancer Visited Her. Find Out What David Duchovny, Angela Merkel, And Jennifer Garner Have To Say. Environmental Win: The EPA Has Released Thousands Of Lions Into Lake Michigan To Curb The Invasive Carp Population. Major Threat: The Jeans From  "The Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants " Have Been Intercepted By ISIS. Space Race 2.0: NASA Just Shot A Used Pickup Truck 30 Feet In The Air With A Trampoline To Compete With SpaceX's Falcon Heavy Launch.    Cracking Down: The NHL Has Unveiled A New Hyperbolic Penalty Box That Makes 3 Minutes Inside It Feel Like 500 Years. Beautiful: When This Terminally Ill Child's Last Wish Was To See  "Jurassic World 2, " Chris Pratt Reached Out To Tell Him That It's Pretty Standard Sequel Fare.  "I Chose The Name Bruno Mars Because My Favorite Singer Is Bruce Willis And Mars Is The Only Planet ": 5 Questions With Bruno Mars. Find Out What Emma Stone, Kelly Ripa, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. Big Man, Bigger Heart: Shaq Performed For U.S. Troops Overseas By Getting Onstage And Just Letting Everyone Get A Good Look At Him For A While. Not A Good Sign: This Zookeeper Is Hauling Ass. This Girl's Reaction To Tasting Ice Cream For The First Time Pales In Comparison To This Man Eating His 600th Pastrami Sandwich.    The 5 Best Pupils In My Swim Class For Badgers. Totally Unfair: This High Schooler Was Only Cast As The Lead In  "Wicked " Because She's Still Stuck In The Harness From Her Performance In  "Peter Pan ". Medical Nightmare: This Woman Is Suing Her Hospital After A Surgeon Accidentally Left His Arm Inside Her After Surgery. Jesus, Kid: This Fourth-Grader Really Knows His Way Around An Owl Pellet. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Peaky Blinders ". Find Out What Arnold Schwarzenegger, Teri Hatcher, And Michael Phelps Have To Say. Ram's Use Of Martin Luther King In A Truck Commercial Is Proof Of Just How Low Corporations Will Stoop To Get Americans Into The Best-In-Class Trucks They Deserve.   
 Devastating: After Losing The Super Bowl, Sales Of Tom Brady And Bill Belichick's New Reggae Album,  "Fourth And Ganja, " Have Plummeted. UPDATE: The Eagles Are Still Showering Silently In The Dark After Winning Yesterday's Super Bowl. Supporting Their Fans: The Blue Man Group Has Announced It Will Pay Your Bail If You Get Arrested For Masturbating To Its Ad On The Train. Connecting With The Heartland: The DNC Has Paid A Manhattan Consulting Firm $20 Million To Show It A Picture Of A Guy On A Tractor. Heartbreaking: The Worst Person You Know Just Made A Great Point. Incredible: Here's How People In Every State Say  "Here Comes A Big Roaring Man Emerging From The Lake ". Find Out What Peter Dinklage, Bernie Madoff, And Dr. Sanjay Gupta Have To Say.   
 Down To The Wire: The Eagles Are Currently Leading 41 To 33 As They Head Into The Essay Portion Of The Super Bowl. Next Week On ClickHole. Science FTW: Scientists Have Announced That Even Though Dolphins Are Very Smart For Animals, They Could Never Replace Human Scientists. OMG Too Cute: This Weiner Dog And Potbelly Pig That Became BFFs After Eating Their Dead Owner Is Everything. Inclusivity Win! Marvel Will Now Have Bruce Banner Briefly Turn Into A Honduran Man Before Transforming Into The Hulk.  "I Wanted To Become The Oldest Best Actor Nominee At The Age Of 125 For .  ": 5 Questions With Timothee Chalamet. Amazing Discovery: Art Experts Have Used Ultraviolet Light To Determine That The Mona Lisa's Brain Is The Size Of A Grape.    Probably Bullshit But Still A Little Scary: Ethan Is Claiming That His Super Soaker Is Filled With Pee. Find Out What Alton Brown, Denis Leary, And Sissy Spacek Have To Say. Victory For Americans: Congress Just Passed A Bill Listing All The Problems they'd Like A Generous Billionaire To Solve For Them. Nightmare For Patriots Fans: Tom Brady Messed Up His TB12 Diet By Eating A Carrot On Radish Day And Ballooned To 500 Pounds. Unfinished Business: John Ritter's Hand Just Shot Up From His Grave Holding A Note Containing One Final Rule For Dating His Teenage Daughter. Child Prodigy: This 8-Year-Old Has Already Found His Dad's Gun. Devastating: Nintendo Has Pushed Back The Release Of The New Yoshi Game From The Night Of A Broken Moon To When The Cockerel Crows Thrice At A Tar-Black Sun.    Find Out What The Edge, Sally Hawkins, Elon Musk, And More Have To Say. Finally: The Indians Are Replacing Their Racist Mascot Chief Wahoo With A White Woman Wearing A Native American Halloween Costume. End Of An Era: With Donald Trump's Plans To Send More Prisoners To Guantanamo, George W. Bush Is Being Asked To Stop Renting Out The Prison On Airbnb. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "This Is Us ". Bridging The Divide: Christian And Muslim Show Each Other Their Most Private Shark Drawings. We Get It, you're Here A Lot: This Guy's Girlfriend Has Proudly Appointed Herself The Steward Of His Apartment For The Duration Of His Party. Heartbreaking: When Firefighters Showed Up To A Burning Building, They Spent Too Long Learning Each Other's Names To Save Anybody.   
 Find Out What Bill Nye, Kyra Sedgwick, Macaulay Culkin, And More Have To Say. You Go, Girl: Just 3 Weeks After Her Badass Golden Globes Speech, Oprah Has Become The Dictator Of Venezuela After Leading A Successful Military Coup. Undeserving Shits: Most Of The Courtside Seats At This Knicks Game Are Occupied By Children.  "The Hardest Part About Doing The .  Show Is Matt Lauer Constantly Banging On The Window And Begging Us To Let Him Inside ": 5 Questions With Hoda Kotb. Ultimate Fan Experience: This Philadelphia Eagles Fan Walked In On The Whole Team Masturbating. Finally: Victoria's Secret Just Introduced A Line Of Whatever The Fuck Kind Of Bra Situation Old Ladies Use. Sort Of Heartwarming: These Amazing Students Raised Over $20,000 For Their Teacher's Penis Enlargement Surgery.    At Work? Play This Video At Maximum Volume To Announce To Your Boss That You Are Not Currently Looking At Porn So They Give You A Raise. Find Out What David Attenborough, Jeff Bezos, Bindi Irwin, And More Have To Say. I Applaud Kamala Harris For Bringing A Dreamer To The State Of The Union But She Should Have Told Me First So We Didn't Bring The Same One. Ultimate Redemption: This Former Holocaust Denier Who Claimed That Only 1,000 Jews Died In The Holocaust Is Making Up For It By Saying That 30 Trillion Jews Died In The Holocaust. Heartbreaking: This Elementary School Teacher Has To Use Her Own Money To Ransom Back Her Students From Somali Pirates. Hot New Look: Jeff Garlin Is Sporting A Gigantic Beehive Hairdo That He Claims Was The Result Of An All-Acorn Diet. Damn: This Couple Vowing To  "Fearlessly Wade Through The Stormy Tide " Makes It Sound Like They Really Expect To Go Through Some Shit During Their Marriage.   
 At First You Won't Notice Potato In This Photo ...But Once You See Potato ...You'll Never Unsee Potato ...It Is On Shelf ...Behind Man .... 7 Things You Need In Your Purse If you're 11 Years Old And Desperately Trying To Prove That you're Old Enough To Use A Purse. Find Out What Beyonce, Nicholas Kristof, Rupert Grint, And More Have To Say. Emotional Moment: The Grammys Just Projected A Hologram Of Tom Petty's Corpse On Stage During A Moving Tribute. Fresh Perspective: The NFL Has Announced That Instead Of Studying What's In The Players " Brains, We Should Be Studying What's In The Players " Hearts. PR Disaster: Proactiv Is Under Fire After It Was Discovered That All The Pimples It's Made Vanish From People's Faces Have Been Appearing On One Man Chained Up In Its Headquarters. Every Parent's Worst Nightmare: This Kid Really, Really Wants To Go To Church On Sundays.   
 Stay Healthy: The American Medical Association Recommends Office Workers Prevent Workplace Stress By Taking A Life-Changing Journey To The Taj Mahal Every 30 Minutes. Incredible Heroism: This Lifeguard Dove Into The Ocean To Save A Drowning Child But Had To Tread Water For 8 Hours Until He Found One. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "John Wick ". Find Out What Tim Cook, Taraji P. Henson, Noam Chomsky, And More Have To Say. Best. Sweepstakes. EVER: The Grammys Are Going To Assassinate One Lucky Fan And Feature Them In The  "In Memoriam " Reel. Preparing For 2020? Cory Booker Has Started Wearing A Small Wig. Insane: The Grueling 12,000-Calorie-A-Day Diet Zach Braff Adopted To Get In Shape For  "Garden State " Will Blow Your Mind.    You Never Fully Understand What It's Like To Have A Child With Autism Until You See One At The Park And Then Speculate About It With Your Spouse Later That Night. Find Out What Emma Stone, Daniel Day-Lewis, Holly Hunter, And More Have To Say. These Letters Between David Bowie And Stevie Wonder Show That They Thought Spider-Man Was The No. 1 Threat To Their Careers. Cleaning House: The National Audubon Society Has Published A List Of All The Birds It's Done Looking At. Swoon! The New James Bond Will Be Played By Benedict Cumberbatch And Rowan Atkinson Holding Hands!. Much-Needed Fix: EA Has Announced An Upcoming Patch To Get Rid Of The Obsidian Pillars In  "Madden 18 " That None Of The NFL Players Will Stop Worshipping. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "10 Things I Hate About You ".    Incredible: This Remote Amazon Tribe Is Only On Season 2 Of  "The Sopranos ".  "I'd Love To Work With Keegan Again, Not As A Comedy Partner But At Sears Or Something ": 5 Questions With Jordan Peele. Find Out What Lionel Richie, James Cameron, David Schwimmer, And More Have To Say. Log Off Now: Researchers Have Determined That It Is Bedtime. How Many Of These Reasons Have You Given Your Daughter For Why Her Iguana Doesn't Deserve A Funeral?. Find Out What Bob Dylan, Clint Eastwood, Peter Jackson, And More Have To Say. OMG Yes! Cole And Dylan Sprouse Have Reunited In Their Original Womb!.    The Problem With  "The Flash ": Why Doesn't Flash Have Bugs Splattered On His Face After Every Time He Runs Really Fast?. Finally!  "FIFA 18 " Will Now Tell You Who Each Player's NBA Equivalent Is So You Can Stop Asking Your One Soccer Friend To Explain It. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Black Mirror ". Finally: A Shirt That Lets Tommy Lee Jones Know What Your Intentions Are So That He Doesn't Get Spooked When You Approach To Pet Him. Uh Oh: Dan's Death Must Have Been Really Gnarly If Everyone On Facebook Is Being So Vague About It. Good Call: Dr. Seuss " Estate Just Discovered--And Promptly Destroyed--A Letter Where The Author Reveals Which Race The Grinch Was Meant To Be. Holy Fucking Shit: Fargas The Foreign-Exchange Student Just Cracked His Head Open In Gym Class And Is Shrieking Like A Motherfucker.    Incredible: This Woman Can Use Everyday Makeup To Transform Herself Into Someone Who People Refuse To Take Seriously At Work. Find Out What Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Gwen Stefani, Judge Judy Sheindlin, And More Have To Say. Throwing A Hail Mary: Christopher Nolan Is Furiously Recutting  "Dunkirk " As A Female-Driven Coming-Of-Age Story In Hopes It Will Win An Oscar. 5 Times Wayne Gretzky Asked Oprah To Be His Wife On Live Television, Ranked By How Awkwardly He Responded When She Turned Him Down.  "Jay-Z Is Short For Jaynathan Z ": 5 Questions With Jay-Z. Whoa: Morgan Doodled A Really Realistic-Looking Eye. The Organizers Of The Women's March Are Providing 60-Pound Pussy Hats Made Of Lead To Men Who Have Committed Sexual Assault But Want To Attend The March.    Returning The Favor: U.S. Troops Are Making A Special Trip Back To The States To Entertain Kid Rock For An Evening. Find Out What Jay-Z, Billy Graham, Selena Gomez, And More Have To Say. Bridging The Divide: Parents Across The Country Are Drinking Wine Glasses Full Of Downy So They Have Something To Talk About With Their Kids Who Eat Tide Pods. Heartwarming: This Mother Claimed Her Son Had Joined ISIS So People Wouldn't Know He Blew Himself Up By Accident. GOP EXPOSED: How Mitch McConnell Uses A Michael Myers Mask And Haunted House Music To Spook GOP Congressmen Into Falling In Line. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Office ". Heartwarming! This Peewee Soccer Coach Let Everyone Try Out For Goalie As If The Team's 140-Pound 8-Year-Old Wasn't A Shoe-In.   
 Und Hungr'y Hogg Have Aten Th' Bibles Een Aur Vellage Laster Nighten. Kann You Writt Ein New Bible Far Us, Plase Goodest Educated Sir?. Find Out What Colin Powell, Giancarlo Stanton, Mandy Patinkin, And More Have To Say. Find Out What Margaret Atwood, Pope Francis, Kevin Durant, And More Have To Say. 5 Dove Commercials That Lean Pretty Heavily On Biting The Head Off A Live Rooster As A Symbol Of Female Empowerment. Literati Rejoice: The J.D. Salinger Estate Is Finally Releasing The Author's Unpublished Manuscript On How To Get In Shape, Sleep Better, And Start Loving Sex After 60. Cryptocurrency Crash: The Value Of Bitcoin Has Cratered After Investors Pulled All Of Their Money Out And Put It Into Collecting State Quarters. Do You Know Why you're Grounded?.    Post This Video On Your Facebook Wall To Let Everyone Know you've Abdicated The Danish Throne. Silicon Valley To The Rescue: In Response To Trump Deporting DACA Dreamers, Tech Entrepreneurs Have Released A New App That Links Your Bitcoin Wallet To Your Smart Watch. Making Things Right: The Pentagon Is Launching A Ballistic Missile Attack On Hawaii To Restore Faith In The Nuclear Alert System.  "On Two Separate Occasions I've Killed A Cockroach With An Accurately Thrown Ping-Pong Ball ": 5 Questions With Oprah Winfrey. Hell Yes: Claire's Is Debuting A Bejeweled Trunk That Preteen Girls Can Hide In For The Entirety Of Middle School. Incredible Opportunity! Harvard University Is Now Offering A Tree-Climbing Program For Country Boys Who Were Never Much For Book Learnin ". Villain: Man Cuts Party Sub Vertically.    Find Out What Kathryn Bigelow, Jennifer Lopez, U.N. General Secretary Antonio Guterres, And More Have To Say. Bad News, Travelers: Thousands Of Flights Are Delayed Due To A Plane Hitting A Deer Somewhere Over Iowa. Find Out What Ariana Grande, Diane Keaton, Shigeru Miyamoto, And More Have To Say. Feminism FTW! Six Flags Just Announced That New Mothers Are Welcome To Breastfeed On Their Roller Coasters. Heartbreaking: This Elderly Woman's Family Thinks She's Lying About The Fact That ALF Is A Janitor At Her Nursing Home And Sometimes Bullies Her. Customer Service FTW: JCPenney Portrait Studios Will Now Provide A Mopey Teen Who Will Sit For Your Family Photo If Your Own Mopey Teen Refuses To Get Out Of The Car. Yeah, Makes Sense: Adam Silver Has Added An Asterisk Next To Every NBA Record That Was Broken Before 1978 After Seeing Some Old Highlights Where The Players Straight Up Look Like Shit.   
 Can You Tell Which Of These People With Flyswatters Are Trying To Kill A Bug And Which Are Just Holding Them Up To Brag?. The 5 Huskiest Boys In The Ohio County 9-Year-Old Pee-Wee Football League, Ranked By How Much Of An Animal They Are On The Field.  "I'm In A Long-Term Scavenger Hunt Where An Oscar Is Worth 50 Points ": 5 Questions With Laura Dern. It's Official! Steven Spielberg Just Signed A $3 Million, 7-Bicycle, 12-PS4, 18-Shrimp, 1--Beanbag Chair Deal To Direct A New  "Indiana Jones ". Heartbreaking: Robert De Niro Has Been Raising His Hand In A Sbarro For Over 6 Hours But No One Has Called On Him. Find Out What Pope Francis, Kathy Griffin, Kanye West, And More Have To Say. Unprecedented: A Judge Just Granted Custody Of Two Children To A Pretty Responsible Seeming Walrus Instead Of Either Parent.    Breakdown In Diplomacy: Leaked North Korean Plans Show That The Last Component It Needs To Complete Its Nuclear ICBM Is An Olympic Gold Medal. Can You Convince Gandalf To Start Paying Child Support For His Son Who Lives In Florida?. 8 Times Tim  "The Tool Man' Taylor Proudly Cheated On His Wife On  "Home Improvement ". Senator Absolutely Destroys Republican Congressman For Taking Her Lunch From The Capitol Fridge. Find Out What Brendan Fraser, Olivia Wilde, Josh Hartnett, And More Have To Say. 4 Celebrities Who Look Just Like Their Pet Centaurs " Human Halves. Ignorance Is Bliss: Scientists Have Announced That If Spiders Have Sex For Pleasure, They Simply Don't Want To Know About It.    Farewell To A Legend: Ringo Starr Has Been Crushed To Death By Hundreds Of Teenage Girls After Beatlemania Started Up Again Without Warning. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Keeping Up With The Kardashians ". Find Out What Pierce Brosnan, Queen Elizabeth II, Liza Minnelli, And More Have To Say. Health Win: This New App Helps Users Track How Far They've Fallen Every Time They Tumble Down A Flight Of Stairs. Animal Rights Win! A U.S. Court Just Ruled That If A Chimp Rips Your Face Off It Gets To Keep It. Busted: Woman Spills Hundreds Of Teeth From Her Purse On Her Way Out Of The Dentist's Office. Dang, Gabe: Gabe Did Not Say He Was Gonna Be Naked In This Play.   
 Find Out What Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo, Denis Leary, And More Have To Say. If We Don't Protect Endangered Species, Our Kids Will Inherit A World Where A Silverback Gorilla Riding A White Rhino Into Battle Against A Polar Bear Using A Galapagos Tortoise As A Shield Is Not Possible. Rules Are Rules: Pope Francis Has Been Evicted From The Vatican For Owning A Cat In Violation Of His Lease Agreement. The Kindness Of Strangers: When This Man's Car Broke Down In The Middle Of Nowhere, A Kind Old Couple Pulled Over To Make Out With Him. Groundbreaking Discovery: The World's Foremost Expert On Whether Van Gogh Had Tusks Has Determined That Van Gogh Did Not Have Tusks. Preparing For 2020? Oprah Just Handed Off Control Of  "Oprah " Magazine To Jon Lovitz. 5 Times John Madden Filled The Silence During An On-Field Injury By Bragging About Being A Soviet Spy.    Good On Them: The Black Eyed Peas Have Announced That They No Longer Want To Get Retarded. Making A Difference: This Nonprofit Collects The Trash Floating In The Pacific Ocean And Dumps It On A Sick Freak Who Absolutely Loves It. Wedding Bells! Two People Who Bullied You In High School Are Marrying Each Other. Find Out What George Lucas, Martha Stewart, Ron Livingston, And More Have To Say. Find Out What Sean Astin, Lenny Kravitz, Hilary Duff, And More Have To Say. The Season Of Giving: 5 Other Men Who Live In A Workshop Full Of Deer You Can Leave Milk And Cookies Out For. Year In Review: Mom's Quietest Coughs Of 2017.     ".  Was The Soul-Sucking, Focus-Grouped Monstrosity I Needed To Appease Studios So they'd Let Me Pursue A Passion Project ": 5 Questions With Greta Gerwig. Seafood Fans Rejoice! If You Go To Red Lobster And Find A Lobster That Has A Human Head Identical To Yours, It's 50% Off!. Find Out What Matthew Broderick, Malala Yousafzai, Elisabeth Moss, And More Have To Say. Helping All Americans: The GOP Tax Cuts Are Set To Benefit Working-Class Mothers Earning $25,000 A Year Who Are Married To The Entire Wells Fargo Board Of Directors. Her Final Christmas? Grandma's Looking Pretty Checked Out This Year. Nice Try: Harvey Weinstein Apparently Thought A Chef's Hat Was An Elaborate Enough Disguise To Sneak Back Into The Miramax Offices. Devastating: Kid Thinks CPR Dummy That Fell Down Her Chimney Is Santa.   
 Call To Action: Wikipedia Is Asking Each Of Its Users To Donate $10 Million So It Can Purchase All Of The World's Rubies. Disney World Disaster: The Trump Robot In The Hall Of Presidents Seems To Have Roped All The Other Robot Presidents Into A Ponzi Scheme To Sell Trump Brand Luxury Vinegar. Pulling Their Heartstrings: Tearful Republicans Unanimously Voted For The New Tax Bill After Hearing A Billionaire's Heart-Wrenching Story Of How He Would Like To Have More Money. Taking His Sweet-Ass Time: 6 Christmases Santa Lingered A Little Too Long After Leaving Presents Under My Tree. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Crown ". Space Flight Setback: SpaceX Has Lost A Falcon 9 Rocket After It Landed In A Mean Old Neighbor's Backyard. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "It's A Wonderful Life ".   
 Find Out What J.J. Watt, Gaten Matarazzo, Eric Clapton, And More Have To Say. Which One Of The Kids Who I Sell Samurai Swords To Are You?. Perfect: Gatorade Is Releasing New 1.5-Ounce Bottles For People Who Just Walked Quickly Up The Stairs. Rare Coincidence: Because Of The Lunar Calendar, 9/11 Will Fall On Christmas Eve This Year. Find Out What Oprah Winfrey, Ringo Starr, Paul Thomas Anderson, And More Have To Say. Pretty Understandable: Chance The Rapper Is Taking Back All His Money He Gave To Chicago Public Schools To Pay The Witch Who Turned Him Into A Fox. Box Office Failure: The $450 Million  "The Last Jedi " Made On Its Opening Weekend Is Less Than A Third Of What The Cast And Crew Spent On Paper Towels.   
 A Piece Of History: The Chair That Timothy McVeigh Threw At The Oklahoma City Federal Building To Make It Explode Is Now On Display At The Smithsonian. How Many Of These Ways Has Neil Young Humiliated Your Dad?. 7 People Who Have Pulled Out Their Cell Phone Flashlights To Help Look For Lindsay's Debit Card Ranked By How Much They're Just Going Through The Motions. Find Out What Megyn Kelly, Miranda Kerr, Jeannine Pirro, And More Have To Say. Find Out What Theresa May, Kid Rock, Rex Tillerson, And More Have To Say. Good Samaritan: This Man Ran 40 Miles To The Nearest Hospital To Tell Doctors That He Once Saw A Boy Kiss A Moth. Bold Strategy: Skechers Is Releasing A Shoe So Ugly That The Others Look All Right In Comparison.   
  "Hagrid Traded 400 Shares Of Apple Stock For His Hunk-Of-Shit Motorcycle And Then Had To Live In A Barn ": 5 Questions With Daniel Radcliffe. Major Setback: NASA Has Announced That Its View Of Deep Space Is Being Blocked By A Fat Guy In A Huge Hat. 5 Strip Clubs That Have Stuff For Your Parents To Do. Will The Edits You Made To Your Documentary About Plums Be Enough To Get Its Rating Below NC-17?. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About The Power Rangers. A New Way To Connect: This Amazing New Dating App Pairs You Up With Singles Trapped In The Same Troubled Child's Nightmare As You. Twitter Meltdown: Rian Johnson Is Pleading With Fans Not To Watch  "Star Wars: The Last Jedi " Because It Contains A Shot Of His Debit Card That He Forgot To Edit Out.   
 Deeply Troubling: Experts Warn That Overfishing Could Lead To Our Nation Being Buried Under Huge Mountains Of Fish. Find Out What Gary Johnson, Buzz Aldrin, Dog The Bounty Hunter, and More Have To Say. My Solemn Promise To You Is That Whether Or Not Net Neutrality Is Repealed, The Website AlRoker.com Will Remain An Absolute Nightmare To Use. I Hope You DISGUSTING DEMS Are Happy, Because Now A KNOWN SEX PERVERT Has A BUNCH MORE Free Time On His Hands. 6 Signs That The Darth Vader Nesting In Your Attic Is Not The Real Darth Vader. Taking The High Road: Doug Jones Has Conceded The Alabama Race To Roy Moore To Prove That He Can Never Be Tempted By Power. Paying For His Crimes: As Part Of His Plea Bargain, Michael Flynn Is Visiting High Schools To Speak To Kids About Why They Shouldn't Lie To The FBI About Contacts With Russian Diplomats.   
 Gender Equality FTW! NASCAR Just Announced That It Will Add A Special Nursing Race Car For Lactating Mothers To Pump In Privacy. Facepalm: Watch This Woman's Reaction When She Realizes She Doesn't Need To Bring Her Own Toilet To Work Every Day. Find Out What Chad Smith, Jessica Alba, Shigeru Miyamoto, And More Have To Say. Can You Be Trusted With Some Bad News About Santa's Prostate?.  "you're Just Praying Your Heelys Don't Start Rolling You Around On Stage Until You Crash Into An Amp And Get Violently Electrocuted ": 5 Questions With Carly Rae Jepsen. Stubborn Little Leisure Lords: 6 Tricks For Luring Your Hedonistic 7-Year-Old Out Of The Sauna. A Miscarriage Of Justice: A Shocking Study Has Found That As Many As 1 In 10 People Burned At The Stake For Witchcraft Is Falsely Accused.   
 Find Out What Adriana Lima, Ray Romano, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, And More Have To Say. Get Ready: Can You Handle This Grouse Marathon?. Changing With The Times: The Catholic Church Will Now Waive The Celibacy Requirement For Priests Who've Made A Pact With Their Friends To All Get Laid By The End Of Summer. Justice: Crocs Has Sent Mario Batali A Pair Of Barbed Punishment Crocs In Light Of His Sexual Misconduct. Single-Payer Healthcare? After Being Hounded By You Leftist Shitstains, Senator Anita Hawkins Thinks It's A Human Right!. All 7 Nannies Malala Yousafzai Has Burned Through. Roadblock To Justice: The Russia Investigation Has Stalled After Robert Mueller Found A Book Of 1,001 Brain Games You Can Play At Work.     "I Saw Yoda Using BB-8 As A Sybian ": 5 Questions With Daisy Ridley. 8 Things Traditional Nativity Scenes Get Wrong About What It's Like To Give Birth In A Barn. Find Out What Tim Allen, George W. Bush, Paris Hilton, And More Have To Say. Huge Blunder: Breitbart Accidentally Published Its Prewritten Article Template For Smearing Any Woman Who Accuses A Conservative Of Sexual Assault. Incredible: This Hero Cop Talked A Suicidal Person Into Going Vegetarian. Democratic Senator Delivers MIC-DROP SPEECH To Congress About How Viral This Video Will Go. Helping The Needy: Bill Gates Has Donated $300 Million To The 2001 Box Office Flop  "Summer Catch ".    Playing The Long Game: Rolaids Is Saving Up Its Advertising Budget For The Next 400 Years So It Can Buy Up Every Single Piece Of Ad Space Available In 2417. Find Out What Margot Robbie, Kelly Slater, Tim McGraw, And More Have To Say. Major Innovation: Child's Snowman Is Made Entirely Of Piss Snow. Brush With Fame: This Lucky Coffee Shop Patron Got To Watch A Legendary Former Employee Catch Up With The Barista. An Alarming Finding: New Research Shows That You Lower Your Life Expectancy By 5 Years Every Time You Doze Off And Crash Your Car Through The Front Window Of A Taco Bell. John Oliver Just Won The Internet When He Stopped His Heart On Live TV To Confront Alfred Hitchcock In Hell About His Sexual Harassment Allegations. Parenting FTW: This Amazing Dad Dressed Up Like A Pirate To Tell His Kids That They Were Getting A New Microwave.    Huge Mix-Up: Christopher Nolan Accidentally Submitted  "Dunkirk " To  "America's Funniest Home Videos " And A Video Of Himself Falling Off A Ladder To The Academy Of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences. Total Prodigy: This 7-Year-Old Can Recite Every Reason His Aunt And Uncle Are Getting Divorced. Marketing Win! Trojan's New Ad Campaign Points Out That You Can Also Put Condoms On Your Fingers To Pick Up Dead Bugs. Find Out What Padma Lakshmi, James Cameron, Angela Merkel, And More Have To Say. "America Fell In Love With Our Rancid Weezer Disaster": An Oral History Of  "Pinkerton ". Banning Athletes Who Abuse Performance Enhancers Will Finally Create A Level Playing Field For The All-Night Olympic Village Fuckathons. Drawing The Short Straw: 5 Struggles Anyone Whose Combat Platoon Has Gotten Stuck With The Ford Windstar Understands.   
 The Best We've Got: Until Any Scientists Show Up, This Man In A  "Life Is Good " Tank Top Is The Foremost Theorist On What This Dead Thing On The Beach Could Be. Find Out What Bear Grylls, Kendrick Lamar, Stephen King, And More Have To Say. How Does Yelling Become A Law?. Embracing His Inner Child: This Man Is Having More Fun With The Cardboard Box His Life-Size Anime Sex Doll Came In Than The Sex Doll Itself. Responsible Journalism: The Washington Post Has Thrown Out Its Sushi Buffet After It Found Out The Nude Woman It Was Lying On Was A Project Veritas Reporter. A Second Chance: This Amazing Organization Helps Disgraced Pedophiles Rebuild Their Lives By Getting Them Elected To Political Office. Emotional Rant: Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Apologized For Letting Nazis Use His Platform When It's Intended Only For Letting Elderly People Find No Strings Attached Sex In Nursing Homes.    Senator Delivers MIC-DROP SPEECH To Congress About How Viral This Video Will Go. Tense Standoff: A Trembling Amazon Security Guard Isn't Sure Whether To Shoot Jeff Bezos Or The Alexa Claiming To Be Jeff Bezos. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Mindhunter ". Find Out What Bruno Mars, Bobby Flay, Al Gore, And More Have To Say. Abuse Of Power: GOP Senators Have Allowed The Dairy Lobby To Dip The Tax Bill In Milk.  "I've Got No Problems With How The Trump Administration Is Handling Hurricane Katrina ": 5 Questions With Kanye West. History FTW: Archaeologists Have Restored The Original Sign Next To The Pyramids That Says  "The Pyramids ".    Back At The Helm: Steve Jobs Returned To Work At Apple Today After The Holistic Medicine He Was Taking Kicked In. Major Civil Suit: If Your Child Emerged From A McDonald's Ball Pit 100 Years Older Than When They Jumped In, You May Be Entitled To A $7 Cash Settlement. Wisdom Of The Ages: Richard Nixon's Ghost Has Appeared To Donald Trump To Guide Him Through Getting Crumbs Out Of His Jowls. Find Out What Jeremy Irons, Bryan Cranston, Kelly Ripa, And More Have To Say. Incredible: This Inner-City Teacher Can Finally Use The Private Jet Tax Credit To Take Her Kids On A Field Trip To The Louvre. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Scandal ". So Cool! Chick-Fil-A Just Announced Its Entire Menu Will Be Half-Priced On Judgment Day.    6 Cemeteries That Are Clearly Competing For Will Smith's Grave. Social Media Win: Monsanto Is Letting Twitter Vote On How Much Alligator DNA Will Be Inserted Into This Year's Grape Harvest. Mad With Power: UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres Has Just Named The Honda In Which He Lost His Virginity A World Heritage Site. Find Out What Drew Scott, J.K. Rowling, Natalie Portman, And More Have To Say. Every Middle-Class Family Should Have Money Set Aside For An Unexpected Emergency Like Republicans Having A Majority In Congress. A Victory For The Middle Class: The GOP Tax Bill Requires All Eviction Notices To Come With An Explanation Of Trickle-Down Economics. We're Sorry To Inform You That This White Supremacist Struggling To Eat A Giant Burrito Is All Of Us.    Heartbreaking: Badass Biker Can Only Afford Computer Chair.  "My Fans Will Pony Up For Whatever Worthless Garbage I Dangle In Front Of Their Vacant Mule Eyes ": 5 Questions With Gwyneth Paltrow. Find Out What Jill Stein, Charlie Kirk, Aaron Judge, And More Have To Say. How Well Do You Remember The Plot To  "Where The Red Fern Grows "?. Is Harvey Weinstein's Matt Lauer Biopic Starring Louis CK In Trouble?. Making Their Voices Heard: Dozens Of Wealthy CEOs Have Signed A Letter Telling The GOP It's Weird How Obsessed It Is With Them. President Trump Needs To Stop Retweeting Anti-Muslim Videos Posted By British Bigots And Start Retweeting Anti-Muslim Videos Posted By American Bigots.   
 Find Out What Padma Lakshmi, Adam Driver, Bill Gates, And More Have To Say. Putting The Debate To Bed: PETA Has Announced That They Will Never Know Whether It's Okay To Be Naked In Front Of Your Dog Or What. Awkward: Father And Son Forced To Share An Elevator Ride With A Stranger Who Is Wearing A Shirt Of Them. Heartbreaking: Martin Scorsese Thinks He's Required To Eat All Of His Meals Off His Star On The Hollywood Walk Of Fame. Find Out What John Williams, Paul McCartney, Sully Sullenberger, And More Have To Say. A Committed Performer: Bruno Mars Just Ended A Concert By Showing His Bleeding Hands To The Crowd And Asking What More He Can Give.  "I Bought The Dallas Mavericks Because The Vienna Boys " Choir Was Already Taken ": 5 Questions With Mark Cuban.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Royal Tenenbaums ". Devastating: The Wheel Of Fortune Was Stolen From Pat Sajak As He Was Rolling It Out To His Car To Take It Home For The Night. How Many Of These Ways Has Your Kid Fucked Up At T-Ball?. It's Time To Stop Arguing The Semantics Of The Word  "Terrorism " And Start Actually Doing Something To Fund It. Cosmo Has Apologized For Publishing Its Controversial  "10 Ways To Drive A Neo-Nazi Wild In The Sack " List. Heartwarming: This Serial Killer Is Supporting Local Independent Journalism By Only Sending Clues To His Murders To Newspapers Based In His Hometown. Hindsight Is 20/20: If This Guy Had Stayed In The Cult He Joined In 1975, he'd Be An Astrolord Of The Seventh Dome By Now.    Genius Marketing: Poland Spring Is Putting Apple Juice In Its Bottles Because It Tastes Better. 6 Signs That Everyone In Your UberPool Just Escaped From A Human Farm. Taking Care Of Your Elderly Parents Can Be A Beautiful Experience If They're Very, Very Sexy. Find Out What Joe Scarborough, Bob Dylan, Fran Drescher, And More Have To Say. Find Out What Alicia Keys, Jodie Foster, And Tony Hawk Have To Say. Find Out What Kristaps Porzingis, Elon Musk, Selena Gomez, And More Have To Say. Heartwarming: When This Family Couldn't Be Together On Thanksgiving, They Did A Depressing Skype Thing.    What Good Is Your Goddamn Shrimp Farm If you're Not Going To Let Anybody Eat Them?. I Am OFFICIALLY DISCONTINUING My LustLad Virility Potion After The LEFTIST EXTREMISTS Who Live Above Me Started Ordering It And Keeping Me Up With Their Loud Fuck Sounds. Scammed: The Arizona Cardinals Are Scrambling To Find A New Quarterback After Accidentally Signing A Cheap Bootleg Tom Brady They Found Online. Find Out What Norman Reedus, James Hetfield, Sam Elliott, And More Have To Say. Major Breakthrough: NASA Scientists Have Discovered A Nearby Exoplanet Capable Of Supporting All Of Janet's Bullshit. No Stone Unturned: Parents Of Missing Children Are Petitioning Shaq To Give His Suit Just One Good Shake In Case Their Missing Children Are Lost In There.  "I Would Unhinge My Jaw And Devour Harvey Weinstein In A Single Bite ": 5 Questions With Meryl Streep.   
 Thanksgiving In My Family Is Always Tense Because I Read News Outlets Owned By Liberal Billionaires And My Uncle Reads News Outlets Owned By Conservative Billionaires. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About Destiny's Child. Shots Fired: Quiznos Has Hired Subway's Jared Fogle For A New Ad Campaign Claiming That Quiznos Sandwiches Cured His Pedophilia. Unthinkable Cruelty: Woman Uses Smoke Machine To Shroud Her Husband's Diet Root Beer In Fog. Find Out What Kelly Ripa, Tim Gunn, Tony Robbins, And More Have To Say. Science To The Rescue: 6 Creepy Urban Legends From Around The World That Can Be Simply Explained By Dracula. You Ever Hear About King Kong? That Big Monkey? Pretty Incredible..    Maybe A Humble Mall Pedophile Taking On The Washington Establishment Is Exactly What This Country Needs (By Roy Moore). True Compassion: The GOP Tax Plan Will Help Struggling Billionaires Purchase Health Insurance Companies For Their Families. NASA Disaster: Some Asshole Threw A Blanket Over The Hubble Telescope.  "Black Panther's Job Is To Stand Outside Of Burning Buildings Doing Karate Until The Fire Department Arrives ": 5 Questions With Michael B. Jordan. Fostering Community: This Awesome Landlord Caused A Gas Leak In Her Building So All The Tenants Could Finally Meet Each Other. Major Indictment: Robert Mueller Has Charged  "Thor: Ragnarok " With Being The Best Movie Of 2017. Find Out What Kevin Durant, Jimmy Kimmel, Eminem, And More Have To Say.   
 Standing Against Terror: Saks Fifth Avenue Has Announced That It Will No Longer Allow Boko Haram To Hold Official Meetings In Its Stores. Responding To Controversy: EA Has Announced That  "Star Wars Battlefront II " Will Now Allow You To Unlock Legs For Your Character Without Paying Extra. One Giant Leap: NASA Just Released The Full Transcript Of Neil Armstrong's Moon Walk And It Will Blow Your Mind. As A Male Feminist, I Really Think I'd Absolutely Crush It If I Ever Had To Publicly Apologize For Sexual Misconduct. Landmark Discovery: An Exhaustive, Decades-Long Sociological Study Has Determined That Folks Come From All Over. Find Out What Zosia Mamet, David Attenborough, Samuel L. Jackson, And More Have To Say.  "Miley Cyrus Is, And Has Always Been, Far Too Weak On Trade With China ": 5 Questions With Selena Gomez.    LEGAL President Donald JOHN Trump Just Proved He's Got A Heart Of Pure Sweet Chicken Sauce By Showing Up To An Elementary School And Screaming Amazon Reviews Of  "Full Metal Jacket ". Now That Trump Is Ending The Senseless Ban On Elephant Trophies, My Wife Can Finally Get The Elephant Head Transplant She Desperately Needs To Live. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About Thor. Tragic Negligence: All Of The Animals In The San Diego Zoo Have Died After The Zoo Left Them In A Hot Car. Oasis Fans, Rejoice! Liam And Noel Gallagher Have Been Paired Up By Their American History Teacher To Work On A PowerPoint About The Teapot Dome Scandal Together. Find Out What Elon Musk, "Papa" John Schnatter, Wesley Snipes, And More Have To Say. A Piece Of History: The Massive Ass Implants That Killed JFK During Botched Cosmetic Surgery Are On Display At The Smithsonian.   
 True Passion: This Firefighter Thought About Fire And Got So Mad He Punched A Hole Through The Wall. Liberal Hypocrites: Why Are Dems Criticizing Roy Moore When PEDO PREZ Barack Obama Is Still Married To FORMER TEENAGER Michelle Obama?. Find Out What Mary-Kate Olsen, Bill Nye, Lorne Michaels, And More Have To Say. I Don't Give A Shit, I'll Destigmatize Anything. Remember Neville Longbottom From Harry Potter? Well, He Got Rich Making $8,000 A Week Working From Home So Simple And You Can Too.  "The Only Difference Between Humans And Chimps Is That Humans Made .  ": 5 Questions With Jane Goodall. Leftist Depravity EXPOSED: HATEFUL Liberal YouTube Video Depicts President Trump Receiving A Wedgie From A Cowboy.   
 Finally: Venmo Will Now Check In With Everyone You Request To Pay You Back To Make Sure They're Not Mad At You About It.  "I Want To Give The Mount Rushmore Presidents The Rippling Abs They've Always Deserved ": 5 Questions With Winona Ryder. Major Scandal: A Senate Investigation Has Found That Facebook Received $90 Million From The Kremlin To Post A Picture Of Tweety Bird Reciting A  "10 Rules For Dating My Daughter " List During The Election. Fall From Grace: The Dalai Lama Has Broken His Vow Of Celibacy By Masturbating To A Picture Of Jessica Rabbit In An Airport Bathroom. Corporate Hubris: After Successfully Defeating Dandruff, Selsun Blue Has Announced It's Going After Cancer Next. Huge Gaffe: Mayor Uses Giant Scissors To Cut Police Tape At Scene Of A Murder. Privacy Win! Levi's Has Finally Developed Jeans That People Wearing Contact Lenses Cannot See Through.   
 Find Out What Kate Upton, Al Roker, J.J. Abrams, And More Have To Say. A Heads-Up Would Have Been Nice: This Family Is The Kind That Goes To Church The Morning After Sleepovers. This Rate Of Progress Gives Me Hope That I Might Live Long Enough To See A TV Show About Trans People That Isn't Critically Acclaimed. Heartbreaking: Gary Johnson Just Received His Rejection Letter For President Of The United States. Has Every Teacher At Your School Gathered To Watch You Take A Math Test Because you're Incredibly Smart Or Incredibly Stupid?. The Saga Continues: Disney Has Announced That The Next  "Star Wars " Movie Will Be Entirely About Punishing Chewbacca For Trying To Be Human. End Of An Era: The Company That Makes Snow Pants Exclusively For John Lennon Has Finally Declared Bankruptcy.   
 Find Out What Common, James Quincey, David Attenborough, And More Have To Say. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Lore ".  "The .  Cast Still Gets Together A Few Times A Day To Brush Each Other's Teeth ": 5 Questions With Zac Efron. For The Best: To Discourage Fans From Sexualizing The  "Stranger Things " Kids, James Corden Will No Longer Have Them Play  "Shirtless Baby Oil Twister By Candle Light " On His Show. Utterly Nauseating: Chick-Fil-A Is Getting Slammed On Twitter After One Customer Found An Uncooked Nancy Grace In Their Spicy Chicken Sandwich.  "My Next Collaboration Will Be With Drake Designing A New Kind Of Ceiling Fan ": 5 Questions With Miley Cyrus. The Only 5 Grandpas Who Have Never Gotten Horny From Betty Boop.    5 Safe Places To Hide Your Money From Buddha. Find Out What Dr. Oz, Kyrie Irving, Aaron Judge, And More Have To Say. Deeply Troubling: John Kelly Just Received A WhatsApp Message From President Trump In China That Said  "You Have Unmarried Daughter? URGENT " With No Explanation. Embarrassing: Barack Obama Has Been Kicked Off Of Jury Duty For Yelling  "Crucify Him! " Too Many Times. 4 Times The Count Fucked Up Teaching A Moral Lesson On  "Sesame Street " Before He Was Limited To Just Being The Counting Guy. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "American Horror Story ". Find Out What The Dalai Lama, George H.W. Bush, Kathryn Bigelow, And More Have To Say.    Heartwarming: Man Shares Comb-Over With Bald Man In Need. Feud Heats Up: Taylor Swift Wrote An Epic Twitter Thread Ripping Into The Ninja Who Killed Her Parents. If We Ban The AR-15, We Might As Well Admit The Seagull In My Front Yard Has Won. Historic: Now That Danica Roem's Been Elected, Trans Teens Have Enough Role Models To Stop Convincing Themselves Chaz Bono Is Cool. Out Of Control: 5 Times Wimbledon Had To Be Canceled After The Ball Boys And Ball Girls Adopted A Pack Mentality. Learning Piano? Here Are 5 Ways That Elton John Will Jealously Try To Sabotage You. Major Disaster: Over 6,000 Chimpanzees Have Escaped From An Overturned Pepsi Truck That Crashed On The Highway.    New Virility Supplement For Women! PatriotHole's HappyGal Security Pollen Will Cause A Loud Bellow To Emanate From Your Feminine Problem-Hole To Frighten Away Thieves. Find Out What Katy Perry, Clayton Kershaw, Jonathan Scott, And More Have To Say. 6 Simple Meals To Make For When Your Wife Comes Over For Dinner. Body Positivity FTW! First Response Is Releasing A Stick Women Can Pee On To Find Out That They Are Beautiful. Troubling Inequality: Fewer Than 1% Of Americans Have Access To Fun New Orleans-Style Jazz Funerals When They Die. 20 Years After Pantsing A Kid In School, This Former Bully Is Making It Up To Him By Pulling His Pants Up.  "As An Infant, I Would Endlessly Chant Chappie's Name Under My Breath ": 5 Questions With Dev Patel.    Find Out What Hank Williams Jr., Kate Middleton, Christopher Walken, And More Have To Say. In A News Cycle Saturated With Mass Shootings, It's Becoming Harder And Harder To Stand Out As A Deranged Gunman. Hollywood's Wild Boy: Miles Teller Swiped A Schlitz From His Dad, Crawled Into A Drainage Pipe, And Read A Porno Mag Cover To Cover. A Second Chance: This Restaurant Gives Jobs Exclusively To Ex-Prisoners Who Have Broken Out Of Jail. How Well Do You Know The 6 Parts Of A Dog?. Find Out What Zoe Kravitz, Laurence Fishburne, Elon Musk, And More Have To Say. Eating Healthy Has Completely Changed The Way I Use Fuckloads Of Almonds.   
 Awesome: Vera Wang Is Releasing A Tear-Away Wedding Dress For Brides Who Have A Basketball Game During The Ceremony. Incredible: When This Terminally Ill Child Wanted To Meet Will Smith, Will Cut His $400,000 Appearance Fee In Half To Help Make That Happen. 4 Ancient Civilizations That Independently Developed Rudimentary Versions Of  "Seinfeld ". We, The Employees Of ClickHole.com, Have Voted Unanimously To Debase Ourselves In The Most Humiliating Ways Possible To Please The Billionaires Who Could Destroy Our Website On A Whim. The Dangers Of Clean Energy: A Wind Turbine Popped This Man's Brand-New Volleyball. Major Controversy: A Film Of The 42-Minute Drum Solo That Hitler Played To Apologize For The Holocaust Is Being Shown At The Holocaust Memorial Museum. Find Out What Garth Brooks, Liev Schrieber, Gwen Stefani, And More Have To Say.   
 Major Advance: Google's DeepMind AI Has Learned How To Get Defensive About Artistic Criticism That It Asked For. I Came To Hollywood At 16 With Nothing But A Suitcase And A Dream Of Falsely Accusing Someone Of Sexual Assault. Public Health Win! Kotex Is Donating All Its  "Dodgers World Series 2017 Champions " Tampons To Impoverished Women In Africa. A New Direction:  "Jeopardy! " Is Changing Its Traditional Opening To A Section Where Alex Trebek Asks The Contestants Point-Blank If They've Ever Cheated On Their Spouses.  "If you're Five Boys, You Can Do Anything ": An Oral History Of One Direction. 5 Ways To Get The Other Masked Orgy Participants To Accept The Bulbasaur Costume You Showed Up In. Beautiful: This Man Still Feeds His Dead Wife's Parking Meter Every Morning.   
 Find Out What Annie Leibovitz, Marissa Mayer, LeBron James, And More Have To Say. Slow Down, Buddy: This 25-Year-Old Who Moved To NYC 4 Months Ago Just Wrote A 1,500-Word Facebook Post About How New Yorkers Stand Together In The Face Of Terror. Major Setback: Jose Altuve Will Be Unable To Play In Game 7 Because He Absentmindedly Scheduled A Vasectomy For Today And Refuses To Pay The Cancellation Fee. Social Media Nightmare: Wonder Bread Just Accidentally Tweeted A Photo Of Too Much Bread. 6 Tips For Moms Having Trouble Getting Joe Pesci To Latch. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. ENOUGH BULLSHIT: When The Army Finds Treasure Chests Filled With Spoiled Meat In Enemy Territory THEY SHOULD GET TO EAT IT.    Find Out What Al Gore, Janet Yellen, Jeff Bezos, And More Have To Say. Find Out What Tom Cruise, Vincent Kartheiser, And J. Cole Have To Say. Enter If You Dare! These Pictures Of A Mummy And A Vampire Fighting Over A Single Sneaker Will Leave You With Halloween Goosebumps!. Devastating: NASA Just Announced That The Moon's Trial Period As A Planet Has Ended And It Could Not Have Performed Any Fucking Worse. Head Over Heels: Vincent D "Onofrio Is Falling Deeply In Love With A Twitter Spambot Trying To Sell Him Ray-Bans. Amazing: The Student-Made Mural Outside This Elementary School Sends A Powerful Message About Music Or Hands Or Something. Devastating: Guy With Headphones On Is Rocking Out So Hard He Doesn't Notice His Wife Getting Married To The Predator.    Now That Trump's Cronies Are Starting To Fall, It's Only A Matter Of Time Before Everything Works Out Totally Fine For All Guilty Parties Involved. Innovation FTW: John Deere Has Introduced A Lawn Mower The Size Of An Entire Yard. Going All-In: The Struggling Porthole Industry Has Used Its Entire Advertising Budget To Pay John Boyega To Get His Head Permanently Stuck In A Porthole. Heartbreaking: Dan Brown Has Passed Out From Dehydration While Trying To Do An Escape Room By Himself. The Time Has Come. Do You Have What It Takes To Help The Swedish Chef Successfully Lose His Virginity?. Inclusivity Win: Mensa Is Offering Full Membership To Dumbasses Who Smell Amazing. Absolutely Bone-Chilling: This Clock Just Struck Midnight.   
 Find Out What Christopher Nolan, Rooney Mara, Shigeru Miyamoto, And More Have To Say.  "I Often Meet Up With Rafa To Play Nude Laser Tag With Him ": 5 Questions With Roger Federer. Overcoming The Odds: Despite Being Badly Concussed, This Inspiring Football Player Passed The Concussion Protocol And Returned To The Game. Finally! The Federal Highway Administration Will Be Installing 50,000 Miles Of Velvet Modesty Curtains Along The Side Of The Nation's Highways For Anyone Who Has To Pee During A Road Trip.  "Before Every Concert I Promise My Vocal Chords I'll Swallow A $15 Bill ": 5 Questions With Ariana Grande. Major Bombshell: Newly Declassified JFK Assassination Documents Reveal That Kennedy's Head Would Have Exploded That Day Regardless Of Whether He Was Shot.  "Super Mario Odyssey " Is A Powerful Work Of Marxist Art Depicting The Noble Daily Struggles Of A Humble Plumber.   
 Shameful: The Prime Minister Of India Changed His Twitter Account To Look Identical To Ron Perlman's Just To Get More  "Hellboy " Fans Following Him. Find Out What LeBron James, Mark Hamill, Cardi B, And More Have To Say. Watch Out, Beats: Barilla Is Now Paying NBA Players To Hold A Bunch Of Raw Pasta While They Warm Up. Actions Have Consequences: George H.W. Bush's Wheelchair Has Been Permanently Tipped 70 Degrees Backward To Punish Him For Groping Women. Road To Recovery: After Three Long Weeks, These Inspiring Politicians Have Found The Strength To Finally Move On From The Las Vegas Shooting. 7 Shapes That Will Be Completely Obsolete After I Introduce My Latest Shape, The Triquandle. Awesome Feature: The New iPhone's Camera Will Automatically Remove Red Sniper Dots From Your Pictures.   
 Could It Be You? The U.N. Has Begun Accepting Headshots In Its Search For The New Face Of Global Poverty. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Stranger Things ". Find Out What Michael Caine, Will Shortz, Hilary Duff, And More Have To Say. We Must Stop The Rollback On EPA Regulations Unless One Of Those Chemicals Can Bring The Wooden Daughter I Built To Life. Heartwarming: Hundreds Of Brands Turned Out To Attend A Funeral For This 18- to 34-Year-Old College-Educated Single White Male Making At Least $70,000 Per Year. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Dancing With The Stars ". A New Perspective: Rotten Tomatoes Will Begin Giving Movies A Score Based On The Opinions Of People Who Haven't Seen The Movie But Generally Have A Good Idea Whether Something Will Be Good.    Why Haven't We Ever Seen Barack Obama Naked? White House Source CONFIRMS It's Because He Has A Stomach Pouch Where He Keeps A Copy Of  "The Communist Manifesto ". The Ultimate Halloween Promotion: Chase Bank Has Announced That Anyone Who Shows Up To An LA Fitness In A Ronald McDonald Costume Will Receive A Free Pair Of New Balance Sneakers From State Farm Insurance. Find Out What Mayor Bill de Blasio, Paulo Coelho, Oprah Winfrey, And More Have To Say. How Many Of These American Girl Dolls Did You Own?. Incredible: Mortician At Career Day Gets Halfway Through Telling Students How To Search A Drowned Body's Corpse For Pearls Before The Teacher Realizes He Isn't Anybody's Dad.  "I Knew I Wanted To Be An Actor After Seeing .  ": 5 Questions With Elisabeth Moss. Nutritional Shake-Up: The FDA Now Recommends That Americans Eat A Bowl Of 200 Eggs On Their 30th Birthday And Then Never Eat Any Eggs Again.   
 Jeff Bezos Just Tossed A Nail-Studded Baseball Bat On The Floor Between The Mayors Of Pittsburgh And Kansas City And Asked Who Really Wants The Second Amazon HQ. Wasteful: The Senate Spent $10,000 This Year On Floor Repairs Because Mitch McConnell Drags His Office Chair Everywhere He Goes. Find Out What Suzanne Collins, Tegan Quin, Jodie Foster, And More Have To Say. Back In Action: The NFL Has Announced That Justin Timberlake Has Finally Stopped Crying From Seeing A Boob Up Close And Is Now Ready To Sing At The Super Bowl Again. Are You In A Cult Or An Off-Broadway Production Of  "Jersey Boys "?. Possible Game-Changer: ESPN Has Been Cryptically Advertising An Event It's Calling  "Horse Eruption' All Week. As A Parent It Can Be Difficult To Talk About Sex With Every Child You See.   
 4 Big Frogs You Can Store A Few Hot Wheels In. Done With Trump: The Nation Is Begging Whatever Ultra-Elite Secret Society Of Powerful Men To Please Go Back To Just Picking The President Like It Used To. Find Out What Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Phil Knight, Ronda Rousey, And More Have To Say.  "80s Throwback! Johnson & Johnson Is Releasing A Limited-Edition Bottle Of Poison Tylenol.  "Any Child Whose Last Wish Is To Cook With Me Is Already Dead ": 5 Questions With Ina Garten. Coolest Pope Ever: For Half An Hour Today Pope Francis Canonized Anyone Who Followed Him On Twitter. Why Don't Owen Wilson Come  "Round The Farm To Call On You No More?.   
 End Of A Career: Regis Philbin Has Announced He's Retiring From Television On Account Of Being On Fire. Finally! Creditkarma.com Will Now Send You An Alert When It's Time To Marry Rich. Find Out What James Mattis, Christian Bale, Queen Elizabeth II, And More Have To Say.  "Alicia Keys Is A Bright-Red Levitating Orb Who Communicates Through Flavor ": 5 Questions With Tracee Ellis Ross. Can You Match The Stephen King Monster To The Novel's Drawn-Out Description Of How It Goes To The Bathroom?. I'm Starting To Worry My Prince Charming Will Never Drive Up To My House In His Homemade Station Wagon With His Mom In The Backseat, Honking His  "La Cucaracha " Horn And Waving His 9-Foot-Long Arms. 5 Times Jesus Came Back, Ranked By How Quickly He Died Again.    You Are Lin-Manuel Miranda! Can You Avoid Blowing All Your  "Hamilton' Money At The Mall?. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Riverdale ". This Will Change The Way You Watch  "There Will Be Blood ". Find Out What Emeril Lagasse, Mandy Moore, Leighton Meester, And More Have To Say. Absolutely Devastating: The 30-Foot Burmese Python Roger Federer Received As A Prize For Winning Wimbledon Has Swallowed Him. Rules Are Rules: The NBA Has Fined Gordon Hayward $7 Million For Reminding Everyone Of The Fragility Of The Human Body. Fair Is Fair: The Director Of Fish And Wildlife Just Announced It Is Open Season On Him For The Next 24 Hours.    Find Out What Jonathan Franzen, Justin Vernon, John Travolta, And More Have To Say. Can You Turn The Tables And Recruit The Jehovah's Witness At Your Door To Come Inside And Watch HBO Porn With Some Pals?. Getting Out Of Hand: The Children In This Sunday School Class Are Overwhelmingly Siding With Pontius Pilate. 6 Pictures Of Jimmy Carter If You Know What We Mean ;). PatriotHole Exclusive: OXFORD Ph.D. Reveals Hidden CONSERVATIVE Book Of The Bible Where Christ Becomes A Self-Made Millionaire By Selling Mousetraps. Were You Asked To Shower In Front Of Nursing-Home Residents To Demonstrate Good Hygiene Or For Their Entertainment?. Major Breakthrough: Scientists At MIT Have Trapped Cancer Underneath A Bowl.    Selena Gomez Has Been Dropped As Ambassador For The Federal Railroad Administration After Releasing A Song Claiming That Trains Haven't Been Invented Yet. Rant Time: AMC Theatres Is Tweeting About How It Should Get More Credit For Not Charging Pregnant Women For 2 Tickets Even Though It Easily Could. Post This Video To Your Dentist's Personal Facebook Page To Let Them Know you've Found Them And That you've Seen Pictures Of Them On Vacation.  "My Name Comes From The Saint In The Bible Who Was Always Asking Jesus To Turn Fish Into Sand ": 5 Questions With St. Vincent. Find Out What LeBron James, Ron Perlman, Dale Earnhardt Jr., And More Have To Say. It's Cathartic To Have A Chance To Speak Out On The Internet About My Experience With Sexual Assault For The Millionth Fucking Time. Danger Ahead: Scientists Are Warning That Driverless Cars Of The Future Could Easily Be Hacked To Honk Out  "Narcos " Spoilers In Morse Code.    Can You Help The Janitor Put Together A Showstopping Presentation To Give On Parent-Teacher Night?. 5 Signs The Only Employee Who Works At Your Piccolo Company Is Working For A Rival Piccolo Company Behind Your Back. Terrible: Pringles Has Revealed Its Logo Is A Severed Head Perpetually Stuck In The Brief Period Of Consciousness That Follows Decapitation. Groundbreaking Discovery: Paleontologists Have Agreed To Start Saying That Stegosauruses Had Beautiful Singing Voices Because It's A Nice Thought And It's Not Like They're Hurting Anyone. Find Out What Tim Cook, Damon Wayans, Jon Taffer, And More Have To Say.  "I Had To Squeeze My Testicles Between Two Cinderblocks To Get Angry Enough To Write "Lose Yourself" ": 5 Questions With Eminem. Heartwarming! When This Couple Found Out They Were Pregnant, They Figured They Were Old Enough Where They Should Just Keep The Thing.   
 Find Out What Paul McCartney, Benjamin Netanyahu, Adam Levine, And More Have To Say.  "I Love Pepsi And The Police Equally ": 5 Questions With Kendall Jenner. Amazing: Yankee Candle Is Releasing A Candle That Smells Like A Sweaty Teenager For Moms Who Miss Their Kids Who Are Away At College. Inclusivity Win: Capri Sun Is Adding A Little Wheelchair Ramp To The Straw Hole On Each Of Its Pouches. Devastating: The World's Last Remaining Male White Rhino Has Died After Getting Trapped Inside A Tanning Bed. Emotional Confession: Giada De Laurentiis Wrote A Heartbreaking Twitter Rant To Admit That She Wasn't Sure Whether Ketchup Counts As Soup. Real Trooper: This 9-Year-Old Boy Is Doing A Pretty Good Job Staying Focused On  "Minecraft " At This Sleepover While His Friend Gets Spanked By His Mom In The Other Room.    Taking Action: The Academy Has Built A Well In Hollywood That Young Actresses Can Whisper The Name Of Their Harasser Into Without Fear Of Having Their Careers Ended. Find Out What Sting, Tom Hanks, Chloe Grace Moretz, And More Have To Say. Is Your Horse Infestation Bad Enough To Call Your Landlord About?. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Blade Runner ". President In Danger: Young Liberals Are Learning To Slack-Line As Part Of A DEPRAVED SCHEME To Tightrope-Walk From College Campuses Into Donald Trump's Bedroom. Security Fail: This Bank Was Robbed For Thousands Of Dollars Because Its Panic Button Just Sets Off The Sirens At The Baskin-Robbins Across The Street. These Letters Between Ted Williams And Rosa Parks Provide A Wealth Of Insight Into The Struggle For Civil Rights And Hitting Lots Of Dingers.    The Investment Pays Off: The Recipients Of Last Year's MacArthur  "Genius " Grants Have Finally Unveiled The 5-Wheeled Bicycle They Invented Together With Their Fellowship Money. Incredible: When Their High School Was Hit With Massive Budget Cuts, These Theater Students All Came Together To Spoon Each Other At A Party And Never Talk About It Again. Do You Have What It Takes To Keep Oscar The Grouch Behaved And Respectful On A Trip To China?. Still Human: 5 Times Nelson Mandela Got Stuck On The Roof Of A Pizza Hut. Dedication Personified: The Live Studio Audience Has Been Waiting In The  "Frasier " Studio For 13 Years In Case The Show Comes Back. Beautiful: Fisherman Finds The Courage To Come Out Of The Closet To Scuba Divers. Find Out What Anthony Bourdain, Tim Gunn, Martha Stewart, And More Have To Say.   
 Find Out What Joel Osteen, Steven Spielberg, Damon Wayans Jr., And More Have To Say. A Time Of Bloodshed: England And China Are Locked In A Full-Scale Naval Battle Over A Bra They Found Floating In International Waters. Modern-Day Gandhi: Meet The Radical Ascetic Who Insists That He's Really Fine Without A Blanket While Crashing At A Friend's House. Huge Step Forward: Pennsylvania Has Become The First State To Give Lovestruck Workers Paid Time Off To Warmly Daydream About Their Budding Romances. Inclusivity Win! This Toilet Has A Loud Speaker Begging People To Shit In It Regardless Of Race, Gender, Or Sexual Orientation.  "On Weekdays I Wake Up At 6 A.M. And Bowl 200 Frames ": 5 Questions With LeBron James. Cartographers, Rejoice! Rising Ocean Levels Are On Track To Turn Australia Into An Easy-To-Draw Rhombus.    Hypocrisy At Its Finest: This Congressman Who Vocally Supports Hunting Rights Has Confessed To Secretly Having An Affair With A Deer. Every Grandparent From  "Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory, " Ranked By How Much They Pissed In The Bed They Shared. It's Happening! Paul McCartney Is Getting His Very Own Car!. If They Continue To Remain Silent As Trump Ends DACA, I Will Never Attend A Blue Man Group Performance Again. Gun Safety FTW! Walmart Is Releasing A Gun Storage Maze That Your Child Will Get Lost In For All Eternity Long Before They Ever Find Your Gun. It's Officially Fall: Someone Put A Witch Hat On Grandma. Find Out What Bill Nye, Buzz Aldrin, Miles Teller, And More Have To Say.    When This Dad Realized That He Couldn't Make It To His Son's T-Ball Game, He Anonymously Called In A Bomb Threat To Get The Game Canceled. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About Coldplay. Missing A Legend: Bob Dylan Has Had To Hang Out With John Lithgow By Himself Since Tom Petty Died Even Though They Were Really Only Friends Through Tom Petty. 5 Signs That Your Grandmother's Sewing Circle Has Become Militarized. Find Out What Demi Moore, Wes Anderson, Daniel Radcliffe, And More Have To Say. Sure, Okay: This 65-Year-Old High School Math Teacher Made A LinkedIn For Some Reason. Remembering A Legend: 5 Times Buddy Holly Performed In Front Of An Audience Of 2,000 Fortune-Tellers All Screaming At Him To Never Get On An Airplane.   
 Massive Recall: Montblanc Is Warning That Its Luxury Pens Could Be Used To Sign Over An Heiress " Fortune To A Deceptive Young Lover With Murderous Intent. Heartbreaking: Pope Francis Told Sylvester Stallone Over Twitter That He Did Everything He Could But Sylvester's Going To Hell. The Nobel Committee Has Rescinded Kazuo Ishiguro's Prize After Discovering A College Sophomore's Essay About How  "Never Let Me Go " Is An Indulgent And Clunky Social Satire. Stepping Up: The NRA Has Finally Responded To The Las Vegas Shooting By Giving Each Of The Victims A Perfect NRA Scorecard. Find Out What Mark Cuban, Shawn Mendes, Roger Goodell, And More Have To Say. you're A 13-Year-Old Girl: Can You Find A Date To The Sadie Hawkins Dance?. Owning Up: Sega Has Officially Apologized For Its Role In Supplying Nazi Soldiers With  "Sonic The Hedgehog " Games.    RED ALERT: GLOBALIST BILLIONAIRES Have Arranged A SECRET MEETING In Davos Where They're ALL HANGING OUT WITHOUT ME!.  "Childish Gambino Is Just My Name In Italian ": 5 Questions With Donald Glover. 5 Decorative Wooden Signs Perfect For Explaining Your Nuanced View Of Euthanasia. I Fear Trump's War On Scientists Will Discourage A Generation From Usurping God. Are You Such A Hollywood Big Shot Now You Won't Even Give Your Brother A Full Body Wax?. Power Move: Purell Just Announced That If The Catholic Church Doesn't Start Selling Indulgences Again, They Will. Good Fucking Luck: The Substitute Teacher Who Just Called A.J.  "Andrew John' During Roll Has No Clue How Things Run Around Here.   
 Following His Heart: Airport Chauffeur Changes His Sign To Get The Passenger He Really Wants. Find Out What Toni Morrison, Rihanna, Alan Alda, And More Have To Say. Beautiful Tribute? This Radio Station Is Playing Tom Petty All Day, But That Might Just Be What They Do All The Time. Taking A Stand: Congress Has Passed A Bill Making It Illegal To Sell Firearms To The Las Vegas Shooter. 5 Hints That You Have Overstayed Your Welcome At The Anne Frank House. The Power Of Love: Woman With Very Long Neck Kneels Down To Kiss Man In Third-Story Window. Must-See TV: Vanna White Revealed The True Name Of God On  "Wheel Of Fortune " Last Night And The Contestant Who Uttered It Turned To Ash.    Try Guinea Pig Then Act Surprised Like You Never Ate Your Son's Pet Guinea Pig Before, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Lima. Find Out What Christina Aguilera, James Corden, Liza Minnelli, And More Have To Say. 5 Ways To Honor The Victims Of The Las Vegas Shooting Without Being Disrespectful To The NRA. A Good Sign For The Economy? This Kid Said His Dad Makes More Money Than Yours. Bold Strategy: The CIA Is Declassifying A Few Of Their Secrets So That More People Feel Comfortable Being Vulnerable With Them. Environmental Stewardship FTW! Wendy's Just Announced Plans To Reduce The Number Of Napkins It Stuffs Into Drive-Thru Bags From 20-Something To 15-Ish. 5 Bizarre Penises Of The Animal Kingdom That Your Grandfather Told You About To Get You To Stay Out Of The Woods.    Find Out What Dan Brown, Kyle MacLachlan, Mila Kunis, And More Have To Say. Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far When It Taught Kids About Feminine Hygiene By Having Grover Die Of Toxic Shock Syndrome?. Super Mom: This Mother Of Three Is Really Getting The Hang Of Explaining National Tragedies To Her Young Children. Taking Matters Into His Own Hands: This Inner-City School Teacher Gained 75 Pounds So His Students Would Have A Nice Stomach To Play With. See The Piano Mozart Used To Compose The  "Malcolm In The Middle " Theme, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Vienna. Security Breach: Barack Obama Forgot To Log Out Of Facebook On A Best Buy Display Computer. Oh No: Ricky Gervais Is Currently Having A Twitter Meltdown Because The Airplane He's On Does Not Have An Anchor.    5 Things You Can Do To Cheer Up Your Coworker Who Is Crying At His Desk Because His Children Refuse To Produce Silk From Their Abdomens That He Can Sell For A Profit. The Crackdown Intensifies: Tampax Secret Police Just Rounded Up 40 Free-Bleeders And Sent Them To Their Menstrual Education Camp. Incredible! Lactaid Has Released A New After-Dinner Gun That Lactose-Intolerant People Can Shoot Themselves With If They Ingest Dairy. Representation FTW! This Drowning Man Is Disproving The Stereotype That All Italians Can't Die. Find Out What Remy Ma, Seal, Colin Trevorrow, And More Have To Say. A Beautiful Tribute: This Old Decrepit Man Wandered Around His House In Pajamas Today Leering At His Granddaughter's Friends In Honor Of Hugh Hefner. Heartbreaking: When This Sick Kid In The Hospital Got The Chance To Travel Anywhere In The World Using Virtual Reality, He Chose The Hospital Across Town.    Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Handmaid's Tale ". New Exercise Guidelines: The American Heart Association Has Announced That That Guy Who Runs At Like 9 P.M. Every Night Can Cool It. Sustainability FTW! This Couple Cooks All The Chunks Of Meat That Come Flying Out Of The Portal That Opened Up In Its Backyard. Find Out What Issa Rae, Clayton Kershaw, Joel Osteen, And More Have To Say. Security Failure: EpiPen's Database Of Everyone Who's Allergic To Bees Has Been Obtained By Bees. America's Puppet Masters: The Death Of The Latest GOP Healthcare Bill Shows Just How Powerful The Homeless Single Mothers Lobby Has Become In Washington. 6 Gentiles Who Went On To Become Professional Athletes.   
 Science FTW: NASA Astronomers Just Reported That Everyone In The Western Hemisphere Will Have A Depraved Sex Dream About The Looney Tunes Next Friday Night. Caring About Customers: Duolingo Is Reporting Any User Who Goes 10 Minutes Without Opening The Duolingo App As A Missing Person. PATRIOTS! Protect Your Children From BUG-EYED PEDOPHILES By Disguising Them As Senior Citizens With The PatriotHole SafeLad Kit!. A Piece Of History: The Taffy Machine That JFK Died In Trying To Stretch Himself Into An NBA Player Is Finally Getting Its Own Exhibit At The Smithsonian. Find Out What Katie Ledecky, Jada Pinkett Smith, Bruce Willis, And More Have To Say. Bold Strategy: Reese's Puffs Is Doxxing Anyone Who Eats Competitor Cereals On The Back Of Its Boxes. Inspiring: When This Boy's School Found Lice In His Hair, His Teachers Began Worshipping Him As A Fertility God Whose Body Can Sustain Life.   
 Find Out What Ridley Scott, Michael Jordan, John Malkovich, And More Have To Say. People Talk About The Moment That Made Them Believe In God.  "In One Scene Of .  George Costanza Ran Into A Classroom And Stole One Of The Students ": 5 Questions With James Franco. Inspiring: This Teenager Is The First Person In His Family. Absolutely Perfect: The San Diego Zoo Just Totally Stuck It To Donald Trump By Putting An Orange Wig On A Giraffe And Blowing It Up With Dynamite. I Watch Football In Case A Hawk Ever Steals The Ball, Not To See Politics. Bad News For Elton John: China's Supercomputer Is Able To Perform  "Tiny Dancer " A Million Times A Second.    Shameful: The Gallup Editor-In-Chief Is In Hot Water After Using Polls To Ask The Public If He Could Pull Off A Gold Earring. 5 Ways To Tell If You Need To Report Frankenstein For Suspicious Behavior On The Train Or If It's Just Frankenstein Being Frankenstein. Here It Is: The Definitive List Of Games From  "The Tonight Show " That Nearly Killed Jon Hamm. Find Out What Paul Ryan, Harrison Ford, Claire Danes, And More Have To Say. End Of An Era: The High School Friend Who Texts Everyone When Someone From Their Class Dies Has Died. Inclusivity Win! Twister Is Making A New Version With Just One Big Dot So The Elderly Can Play Without Injuring Themselves.  "I've Been Beat Up By A Lot Of Celebrities Over The Years ": 5 Questions With Justin Trudeau.    Unsung Hero: Meet The Man Who Is Exclusively Masturbating To All Of The Internet's Unloved  "Artemis Fowl " Erotic Fan Fiction. 5 Ways To Justify Stealing The Retainer Off A Dead Body You Find In The Woods Before Calling The Cops. The Grim Reality Of Income Inequality: Orgy Deserts In Poor U.S. Communities Leave Millions Of Americans With No Access To Masked Fuck Soirees. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "The Walking Dead ". 3 Oceans That Have Been On TV. Modern Video Games Are Giving Kids Unrealistic Standards For How Many Swords They Can Carry At One Time. Find Out What Barack Obama, Guillermo del Toro, Johnny Depp, And More Have To Say.    Market Upheaval: Experts Have Blamed The Toys  "R " Us Bankruptcy On Kids " Interests Shifting From Toys To An Insatiable Desire For Outdated Road Atlases. Shots Fired: Oscar Mayer Just Released A Whole Ad Campaign Going After Tylenol For Not Tasting Like Hot Dogs. Progress: Revlon Has Announced That It's Going To Test Its Products On One Blue Whale Rather Than 30,000 Rabbits.  "Drake Is The Type Of Man Who Is Always Inflating Helium Balloons And Tying Them To His Limbs ": 5 Questions With Rihanna. Health Risk: Scientists At The CDC Have Announced That Forgetting Any Of Their Birthdays Is A Disease. Beautiful: Widow Releases Ashes And One Arm Of Dead Husband Into The Ocean. Beautiful: The Make-A-Wish Foundation Just Locked Kit Harington In A Scalding Sauna To Remind Terminally Ill Kids They're At Least Not Going Out Like That.   
 I Can No Longer Fall Asleep Outside Of A Horse (By Leonardo DiCaprio). Find Out What Bob Iger, Chris Hardwick, M. Night Shyamalan, And More Have To Say. Donald Trump's Controversial U.N. Speech Completely Overshadowed The Australian Prime Minister's Speech About How He Saw A Koala Eat A 9-Year-Old Boy Behind The Sydney Opera House. Find Out What FKA Twigs, Daniel Craig, Mark Cuban, And More Have To Say. The Trump Boys Are Scrambling To Clean Up Beer-Soaked Legislation After Accidentally Socializing Healthcare During A Rager They Threw While Their Dad Was Gone. 6 Ways Me And The Boys Messed Around With My Nana's Stair Lift Ranked By How Sick My Nana Thought It Was. Huge Relief: That Enormous Plume Of Smoke Coming Out Of The Woods Is Probably Something Other People Know About And Have Decided Is Fine.    SHADOW MONEY: The Clinton Foundation Has Spent Billions Of Dollars To Discover A Way For WOMEN To Have Sex With EACH OTHER. Celebrating A Trailblazer: Delta Just Announced That Its CEO Has Disappeared In Honor Of Amelia Earhart. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "World Of Warcraft ". Changing With The Times: Random House Has Instructed Toni Morrison To Stop Writing Novels And Focus On Making Short Viral Videos Where She Tastes Weird Snacks. Yes! Planet Fitness Is Adding Ceiling-Mounted TVs For When You Give Up During Crunches And Lie There Pathetically Staring Upward For 10 Minutes. Breaking It Gently: Patreon Is Adding A New Feature That Lets You Quietly Inform Someone You Were Only Supporting Their Art To Be Nice. Technology FTW! This Awesome New App Sends You A Daily Reminder That You Love Salsa.    Recreate The Cuban Missile Crisis By Pointing Your Nuclear Missiles At The U.S., And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Havana. Body Positivity Win: This Elevator Can Hold Up To 2,500 Pounds. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story ". Find Out What Elton John, Tracy K. Smith, Terry Gross, And More Have To Say. I Did Not Attain Yelp Elite Status So I Could Stand Idly By As The Situation In Yemen Deteriorates. Hollywood In Crisis: Doctors Are Scrambling To Remove 46 Emmy Statuettes From John Lithgow's Stomach. Ladies Rejoice! Thinx Has Released A Pair Of Sunglasses For Your Dog To Wear While you're On Your Period.    Chocolate Lovers, Despair! These Arid Wastelands Have Nary A Hint Of Cocoa As Far As The Eye Can See. Back To Square One: NASA Has Been Forced To Discard Decades Of Research After Finding A Tomato Floating Through A Distant Galaxy That Disproved Pretty Much All Of Astronomy. Fateful Mistake: Historians Now Believe Lincoln Would Have Survived His Assassination If He Had Just Sacked Up A Bit. Find Out What Mark Zuckerberg, Derek Jeter, Kristen Stewart, And More Have To Say. Heartbreaking: All The Celebrities Think That Jason Bateman Being The Emmys Valet Is Part Of A Bit That Will Pay Off In Colbert's Opening Monologue. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About The Emmy Awards. Get Subconsciously Activated Into Killing A K-Pop Star, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Seoul.    4 Times The Sharks On  "Shark Tank " Immediately Invested In An Idea Before Hearing It Because The Contestant Brought Them Leftovers And Water. Major Loss: Michelangelo's David Has Been Devoured By Foxes After A Museum Security Guard Forgot To Spray Fox Poison On It. Awesome Promotion: Sabra Has Partnered With Cadillac To Put A Dollop Of Hummus In The Trunk Of All New Escalades!. Find Out What E.O. Wilson, Tom Hanks, Jane Goodall, And More Have To Say. Bold Move: Camel Is Advertising To Kids Again Because It Seems Like Enough Is Going On In The World That No One Will Notice. The Future Of Security: ADT Just Released A New System That Monitors Your Mirrors And Lets You Know Whenever A Pale Boy Crawls Out. Twitter Meltdown: Ritz Has Been Furiously Tweeting That you're Supposed To Swallow The Entire Roll Of Crackers And Then Pull Off The Sleeve.   
 Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Jurassic Park ". The Bernie Effect: Democrats Are Slowly But Surely Coming Around To The Idea Of Marrying Jane Sanders, Too. Could Go Either Way: This Town Doesn't Know Whether It's Okay To Tear Down Its Confederate Statue Because It's Of A Soldier With A Cleft Palate. This Powerful New PSA Tells Girls About Something Called Plormbo. PatriotHole Exclusive: Protect Yourself At Your Most Vulnerable With PatriotHole Toilet Armor. Find Out What Julianne Moore, Daniel Radcliffe, Ben Kingsley, And More Have To Say. Corporate Indifference: The McDonald's Training Manual Tells Employees To Rob A Different McDonald's On The Way Home To Earn Enough To Support Themselves.    Do You Have What It Takes To Train Freddy Krueger To Be A Barista?. Silencing Dissent: The Catholic Church Has Beheaded Neil deGrasse Tyson For His Heretical Claim That The Earth Revolves Around The Sun. Find Out What Giada De Laurentiis, Paul McCartney, Alfonso Ribeiro, And More Have To Say. CALLING ALL PARENTS: Protect Your Children From Pedophiles By Reading The Groundbreaking New E-Book  "Pedophile Poundhouse: Supreme Boyhouse Eternal (Lick Boys In The House): The Novel ". Defying The Odds: The Radioshack Onboard The International Space Station Is Thriving. Champion Of The Arts: Neil Diamond Is Donating All His Remaining Groupies To An Inner-City Public School. Making Things Easier: The FDA Has Announced That Any Round Food Is A Meatball.    Finally: A Vest For Men Who Already Own 2 Vests!. Vigilante Justice Fail: Reddit Just Mistakenly Identified This 21-Year-Old Muslim College Student As Hurricane Irma. Find Out What Dr. Oz, Vera Wang, Steve Easterbrook, And More have To Say. Post This Video On Your Facebook Page To Announce Your Father Isn't Dead After All. What A Hassle: This Man Donated His Body To Science And Now Scientists Feel All Obligated To Do Something With It. A Troubled Legacy: Princess Diana's Sons Have Been Forced To Sell Their Home To Pay Off The Crippling Late Fees Their Mother Still Owes An Adult Video Store. The Next Best Thing: 6 Inspiring Quotes From The CEO Of Norton Antivirus To Help You Fill The Void Left By Steve Jobs.   
 Doing The Right Thing: Equifax Just Released The Other 182 Million Social Security Numbers Because They Realized They're Not Responsible Enough To Have Them Anymore. Gun Rights FTW! When A Patriot Sensed This Demon Was About To Rape Him, He Stood His Ground And Killed It With A Shotgun. Incredible: The Man Inside Big Bird Has Revealed That He Was Only Able To Control The Giant Puppet Some Of The Time. DOUG BAXTER REVEALS THE TRUTH ABOUT 9/11. National Security FTW! The Department Of Homeland Security Just Placed A Scarecrow On Top Of The Freedom Tower To Prevent Another 9/11. Heartwarming: When The Local Library Was About To Close, Everyone In Town Donated Coins From Their Private Stashes Of Nazi Gold. Sometimes I'll Just Type A Single Letter  "H " And Get Too Scared To Finish The Word: 5 Questions With Stephen King.    Find Out What Alex Trebek, Floyd Mayweather, Josh Brolin, And More Have To Say. I Won't Let My Son Play Wheelchair Basketball Because He's Faking. Next Week On ClickHole. Must-See TV: Bill Maher Spent The Entirety Of Last Night's  "Real Time " Episode Tearfully Trying To Free Himself From A Chinese Finger Trap. The Stories Behind 4 Of The Most Iconic Ad Campaigns Of All Time. All The Scoundrels At My Church. Silver Lining: Hurricane Irma Could Be Strong Enough To Finally Power Walt Disney's Lazarus Machine.     "May I, Papa? ": McDonald's Is Releasing A New Fig And Ladyfinger McFlurry For Fancy Little Boys Who Desire A Treat.  "I Wanted To Play The Witch Who Cursed Skarsgard's Penis On Big Little Lies ": 5 Questions With Reese Witherspoon. Crisis: The Astronauts On The ISS Can't Get Their Drug Dealer To Leave. Find Out What Drew Barrymore, Dr. Dre, Jeremy Renner, And More Have To Say. The Gates Of Gillette Stadium Were Suddenly Sealed As Roger Goodell Announced Over The Jumbotron That Football Is No More And Now America Will Play A New Game. Disgusting: LIBERAL Think Tank DANCING WITH THE STARS Has Just Hired PROBABLE ILLEGAL Frankie Muniz. Strut School: Supermodels Share Their Secret Tricks For Looking Totally Flawless On The Fly.   
 Major Breach: Hackers Have Infiltrated Nick Jr.'s Servers And Leaked Sensitive  "Peppa Pig " Plotlines Containing Spoilers About The Importance Of Sharing. Powerful: A Barrel Maker Is Confronted By People Whose Lives Were Ruined By His Poorly Crafted Barrels. Find Out What Chloe Grace Moretz, Michael Bay, Emma Stone, And More Have To Say. Get Enraged, Patriots! The Deep State Has Been Sending Me FRESH SEASONAL INGREDIENTS And EASY-TO-FOLLOW RECIPES To Turn My Dinners Into GOURMET MEALS. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About Nirvana. All The People On Liam's Bachelor Party Planning Email Thread Ranked By How Un-Fucking-Helpful They Are Being. This North Korean Nuclear Standoff Better Not Be Another One Of Joaquin Phoenix's  "I'm Still Here " Pranks, Or I'll Be Mad As Hell.   
 Yes! Revlon Has Released A Roofie-Detecting Blush That Changes Color When You Pour A Drugged Drink Over Your Head. Take In The Dazzling Array Of Bootleg Bart Simpson Shirts At The Kibera Slum, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Nairobi. Find Out What Orlando Bloom, Diane Keaton, Kirsten Dunst, And More Have To Say. Terrifying: IBM's Artificial Intelligence Has Successfully Convinced An Online Quiz That It Is A Total Samantha. BORDER UNDER SIEGE! America's Effeminate, Long-Haired Men Are Growing Their Hair Out In Order To Rapunzel Illegal Immigrants Over Trump's Border Wall. Whoa: Lush Has Created A Long-Range Shea Butter Missile Capable Of Moisturizing Targets Up To 6,000 Miles Away. Milestone For Equality: For The First Time Ever, This Small Appalachian Town Will Allow She-Wolves To Participate In Its Critter Pageant.    It's Time For All True Patriots To Commandeer Fishing Boats To Rescue Julian Assange The Clever Elf And Bring Him To Feast At Golden Corral. Close Call: Woman Uses Ejector Seat To Escape From Her Home To Avoid Seeing An R-Rated Movie. Find Out What Lorne Michaels, Pope Francis, John Travolta, And More Have To Say. Hard To Watch: This Kid At Camp Is Trying Out Swearing For The First Time, And Everyone Can Tell He's Way Overdoing It. Cheat Sheet: Here Are 5 Things You Can Say At A Wine Tasting That'll Make Everyone Think You Know A Lot About The Oklahoma City Bombing. Find Out What Sheriff David Clarke, Jay-Z, David Lynch, And More Have To Say. So Brave! This Woman Cut Off All Her Hair To Raise Awareness Of The Fact That She Can Pull Off Any Look.    Would You Enjoy To See A Jacuzzi Man?. Humanitarian Win! Otis Has Pledged To Release All Of Its Elevators Into The Sky By 2035. Don't Worry, There's No  "Arthur The Aardvark " Shit In This List Of Total  "90s Memories. The Future Is Here: This 60-Ton Mech Suit Helps Vice Principals Pry Apart Teens Who Get Too Close Together At School Dances At Maximum Efficiency. 5 Unforgettable Gaming Moments That Everyone Has To Experience. No More Shame: These Photos Of 6 Mothers Bravely Showing Their C-Section Scars To The Same Best Buy Employee Are A Powerful Reminder That Motherhood Is Beautiful. I'm Sick Of Busting My Ass Doing Neo-Nazi Stuff Only To Have Some Masked Antifa Dweebs Get Credit As The Real Fascists.   
 Visit Jerry Sandusky At His Prison Cell In The Torre De Belem, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Lisbon. Unsettling: Henry Kissinger Is Sitting On The Set Of The  "Today " Show Without A Shirt On And No One Knows Why. Find Out What Bella Thorne, Bill Gates, Barack Obama, And More Have To Say. Move Over, Tidal: Spotify Has Kicked Billy Joel Off Of Its Platform To Motivate Him To Start His Own Streaming Service. The Merger Pays Off: Under Amazon, Whole Foods Will Begin Selling Succulent Drone Meat In Winter 2017. Business Genius: Ice Cream Truck Plays  "More Than A Feeling " To Attract Older Customers. Living Simply: Warren Buffett Still Uses The Same Hammer He Used To Crucify Cats In 1982.    The Years I Spent Lying Facedown In Scuba Gear In The Middle Of Downtown Houston Have Finally Paid Off. Finishing The Job: SEAL Team Six Is Going On A Return Mission To Osama Bin Laden's Compound To Interrogate The Wives It Told To Wait On The Couch. Find Out What Zendaya, Connie Chung, Ben Affleck, And More Have To Say. Impressive: This Immigrant Picked Up English From Whatever Threats He Received During His Day-To-Day Life. Staying Relevant: Rolaids Is Stepping Into The Virtual-Reality Arena With A Game Where You Eat A Rolaid. 6 Signs Gonzo Has Been Wearing The Wrong Bra Size For Years. Can You Keep Tony Shalhoub Entertained While He Waits For Your Daughter To Get Ready For Their Date?.   
 5 Tips For Clogging Your Drain To Keep Whatever Is Trying To Come Up Out Of It At Bay. Find Out What Henry Rollins, Martin Scorsese, John Cena, And More Have To Say. The Mind Of A Master: Watch Arcade Fire's Win Butler Describe His Songwriting Process Step By Step. Doing His Part: The CEO Of Nissan Has Opened His 2009 Nissan Altima To Shelter Four Houston Residents If Any Of Them Can Make It To Japan. Blowing His Wad Way Too Early: This Science Teacher Did All The Cool Experiments On His First Day Of Class. Parenting Win: This Amazing Dad Remarried So His Kids Could Have A Mom Closer To Their Age. Easing Them In: 5 Ways To Gently Inform Your Children That Their Pediatrician Got Buff.     "Kim, Kanye, And I Run A Maggiano's Together ": 5 Questions With Taylor Swift. Heartbreaking: Strongman Gets Locked In An Empty Room With No Heavy Things To Lift. Find Out What Anna Faris, Tom Holland, Al Gore, And More Have To Say. Secret Service Fail: A Disembodied Leg Has Been Hopping Around On The White House Lawn For 20 Hours Straight Without Anyone Doing Anything About It. Patriots, Beware! The Chinese Battlehound Is On The Prowl For American Flesh And Jobs. Can You Figure Out What Important Event you've Forgotten That Made All Your Sisters Get Haircuts?. The Only Time I Saw My Dad Cry Was After Spending 18 Long Years Trying To Break Him.    5 Times Bob Hope Accidentally Performed For The Viet Cong Well After The Vietnam War Ended. Taking Responsibility: To Promote More Realistic Beauty Standards, Head & Shoulders Just Released An Ad Featuring A Model Absolutely Blanketed In Dandruff. Find Out What Ellen Degeneres, Bryce Harper, Julie Taymor, And More Have To Say. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About The MTV Video Music Awards. 7 Recent Quotes That Prove The Dalai Lama Is Out Of Spiritual Advice. Collectors Rejoice: PetSmart Is Bringing Back The  "Big Box Of Animals " With 7 Mystery Animals Including 1 Guaranteed Classic. Joining The Resistance: Dr Pepper's CEO Is Stepping Down From Trump's Dr Pepper Advisory Council.    Find Out What Tom Holland, Emeril Lagasse, Michael Keaton, And More Have To Say. Wasting Taxpayer Money? The White House Reportedly Spends $7.99 A Month On A Free Hulu Trial Obama Forgot To Cancel. Whoa: Katy Perry Just Ripped Into The Treaty Of Westphalia For Setting The Stage For Eurocentric Imperialism In A Blistering Twitter Tirade. Place Your Bets: Vegas Oddsmakers Are Putting 5:1 Odds Against Viewers Of The McGregor-Mayweather Fight Finding The Contentment They Seek Through Violence. Get A Bunch Of Friends Together And Start A Second Hungarian Revolution, And 4 Other Tips For A Perfect Day In Budapest. Saying Goodbye: James Gandolfini's Body Will Finally Be Buried After 4 Years Of Being Used To Test New Hats At The New Era Cap Company.  "I Used To Introduce Myself As Bendydick Cummysnatch Or Bungleshit Dumpsterass ": 5 Questions With Benedict Cumberbatch.   
 Heartbreaking: Nobody Showed Up To This Party For This Boy With Autism, Although That's Kind Of On Him For Making It  "John Carter "-Themed. Get Fucked Up On Gin And Build A Gazebo For Your Neighbor. The Post-Presidential Good Life: Barack Obama Has Been Hanging Out With Chris Kattan Nearly Nonstop Since Leaving Office. Everything You Need To Know About  "Dragon Ball Z ". Find Out What Kanye West, Dolly Parton, Eric Holder, And More Have To Say. Too Perfect! After A Teen Flipped Him Off, This Cop Had The Perfect Somersault. Finally Free: A Group Of Gondoliers Has Escaped From Venice Back To The Open Sea.    Desperate Bid: George R.R. Martin Is Tweeting About How Jon Snow Loves Listening To Music On His Skullcandies In A Plea To Get Free Headphones. These Entries From Alexander Graham Bell's Diary Provide A Fascinating Glimpse Into The Invention Of The Telephone. Major Flub: Dave Matthews Band Has Been Jamming On The  "Ants Marching " Riff Onstage For 3 Weeks While Dave Tries To Remember The Fiddle Player's Name And Finish Introducing The Band. Customer Service FTW: Best Buy Is Constructing 40,000 Terra-Cotta Geek Squad Agents To Fix Its Customers " Computers In The Afterlife. Find Out What Amanda Seyfried, Justin Theroux, Jared Leto, And More Have To Say. Heartwarming! This Man's Wife Fell Into A Manhole 20 Years Ago And Every Day He Still Lowers A Rotisserie Chicken Into The Sewer For Her. Does Your Family's Problem With Mummies Require An Intervention From An Egyptologist?.    Heartwarming: When This Make-A-Wish Kid's Flight To Disney World Got Canceled, Glenn Danzig Invited Him Over To His Table At The Airport Chili's And Told Him What It Was Like To Get Laid. Science FTW! Hellmann's Has Teamed Up With SpaceX For A Sponsored Mission To See If Humans Can Survive For 15 Years In Space While Eating Nothing But Mayonnaise. Culture Shock: Everything You Need To Know About  "Law & Order: SVU ". A Class Act: Ray Romano Extends His Velvet-Gloved Hand Out The Window Of His Limo And Lets The Schoolchildren Kiss It. Find Out What Wayne Gretzky, Blake Lively, Ben Affleck, And More Have To Say. Keeping Her Memory Alive: This Deceased Teen Is Still Getting Sexually Charged Instagram Messages 18 Months After Her Death. Eclipse Ready: Dunkin' Donuts Is Giving Out Free Cream Cheese You Can Spread On Your Eyeballs To Protect Them While You Look At The Solar Eclipse.   
 Cruelty Of The Left: Why Is The MSM Attacking President Trump For Being Close With Putin Even Though It's Really Hard For Adult Men To Make New Friends?. Hell Yes! Thinx Just Released A New Ultra-Absorbent Period Bench You Can Bleed Into For Up To 24 Hours. 9 Essential Chinese Phrases You Need To Know If You Are In Beijing Shopping For A Jade Statue Of Your Parents Having Sex. Find Out What Sting, Raven-Symone, Laura Linney, And More Have To Say. Damage Control: Under Armour Is Discontinuing Its Ad Featuring John Wayne Gacy Wearing Under Armour With The Caption  "Under Armour Helps Me Kill ". Leading The Resistance: eBaum's World Is Offering Exclusive Access To An Unreleased  "Salad Fingers " Episode For Anyone Who Brings Them The Scalp Of A Nazi. Finally! Khan Academy Now Offers A Course That Teaches You What Happens When You Don't Keep Your Fucking Mouth Shut.    These 5 Beautiful Quotes Will Show You That Love Is Real And Always Written In Cursive. A Master Strategist: Steve Bannon Has Completed His Yearlong Plan To Become Increasingly Irrelevant Before Eventually Getting Fired. Science FTW! NASA Astronomers Said Monday's Solar Eclipse Will Be Awesome For Anyone Who Loves Looking At Stupid Fucking Black Circles. Concussion Crisis: A Study Conducted By General Mills On The Brains Of 20 Deceased NFL Players Found That CTE Dramatically Decreases Athletes " Ability To Enjoy Lucky Charms.  "I Don't Recognize Anyone In My Family And I Have No Idea Which One Is Kim And Which One Is Krandal ": 5 Questions With Kylie Jenner. Sort Of Heartwarming: This Father Was Pushing His Paralyzed Son In A Marathon But Ditched Him When He Realized He Had A Shot At Winning. Something Is Killing All The Bees And I Wish To Serve It.    Find Out What Sen. Richard Durbin, Oprah Winfrey, Al Pacino, And More Have To Say. Next-Level Gaming: The New  "Call Of Duty " Will Penalize Players For Shooting Nazis Who Are Actually Very Fine People. Before They Were Famous: Check Out This Incredible Picture Of A Young Julian Casablancas And Pope Francis Outside New York City's Mercury Lounge. Be Vigilant!! George Soros Has A Second Ticket To A Screening Of  "Baby Driver " And Just Declared That The Most Violent Leftist Will Get To Go With Him!. Expose Your Breasts To A Police Horse, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In New Orleans. Que Triste: Nadie Puede Salir De Esta Oficina Porque Hay Un Vampiro Enfrente De La Puerta. Find Out What Steve Burns, Madonna, CC Sabathia, And More Have To Say.    Bash Trump All You Want, But I'd Like To See You Make It Through A Statement On Infrastructure Without Veering Off To Condone White Supremacy Once Or Twice. The Final Straw: Trump Was Forced To Dissolve His Business Council After Twinkie The Kid Resigned In Protest. Why Did It Do That? 5 Natural Disasters That Challenged Our Kinship With The Powerful And Mysterious Sky.  "Star Wars " Fans Rejoice! This New App Lets You Take Pictures Of Objects In Your Home And Tells You If Chewbacca Would Die If He Ate Them. Find Out What Larry King, Usain Bolt, Vera Wang, And More Have To Say. Can't Decide Between Clams And Bananas? This Randomized Video Lets You Know Which One you're Eating For Dinner Tonight. Everything You Need To Know About  "The Great British Baking Show ".    Connoisseurs Rejoice: Colgate Is Releasing Its 85-Year Barrel-Aged Signature Reserve Toothpaste For A Limited Time. Science FTW! Scientists Have Announced That The Water That Comes Out Of Whales " Heads Is Probably Piss.  "Netflix Will Now Report You To The Authorities If You Watch More Than 60 Minutes Of TV At A Time ": 5 Questions With Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. We Did It! The Internet Just Got Robert E. Lee Fired From Hell's Only Baskin-Robbins. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Labyrinth ". Find Out What Mark Cuban, David Blaine, Michelle Rodriguez, And More Have To Say. Lowe's Would Again Like To Remind Customers That Our Tiki Torches Are Exclusively Meant For Burning American Flags.   
 My Republican Colleagues Must Condemn Racist Violence And Recommit Themselves To Peacefully Passing Racist Laws. Great News For Anyone Who Hates Conner: He Wrecked His Mom's Car While Driving Drunk And It Looks Like He's Going To Lose His Tennis Scholarship To Georgetown. After Leaving His Family 20 Years Ago, This Dad Re-Entered His Children's Lives To Tell Them To Cool It With The Phone Data Usage. At Last! The Mind Behind  "Lumineers- Ho Hey (Lyric Video- UNOFFICIAL) " Has Officially Come Out Of Retirement With A New Release Called  "Adele- Hello (HD Audio- JUST AUDIO) ". Desperation: A Starving, Emaciated Jerry Seinfeld And Steve Harvey Have Been Driving A 1965 Thunderbird Through The Desert Looking For Coffee For 18 Days. Find Out What Jamie Oliver, David Attenborough, Matthew Weiner, And More Have To Say. 7 Unbelievably Inspirational Quotes From Gandhi And Mother Teresa And The Whole Crew.    Catch The Orca Show At The Louvre, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Paris. Are You Having A Quarter-Life Crisis?. Feminists Don't Want To Admit It, But It's Actually Biological Gender Differences That Keep Women From Succeeding In My Meticulously Engineered Mega-Labyrinth. Everything You Need To Know About Spider-Man. Incredible Find: This Dinosaur Fossil Was Discovered By An 8-Year-Old Boy Whose Parents Apparently Don't Care Where Their Son Wanders Off To. The Doctors Told Her That Her Husband Would Never Walk Again. Then The Conversation Lightened Up A Bit And They Told Her About A Great New Bagel Place.. Find Out What Soledad O "Brien, Michelle Obama, The Dalai Lama, And More Have To Say.   
 A World On Edge: Google Searches For  "Do I Live In Guam? " Have Skyrocketed Since North Korea's Threats Of Attack. Getting Desperate: Tucson Is Claiming The Apocalypse Has Decimated The Rest Of The Country To Prevent Millennials From Escaping To Cooler Cities. Our Brave Savior: Donald Trump Is Working TIRELESSLY To Return The Precious White Orbs Obama STOLE From The FURIOUS Dwarf King That Lives Under America. Heartbreaking: Lonely Man Puts Bride-And-Groom Cake Topper On His Baked Potato.  "Jackie Kennedy Was The First Woman In History To Touch The President's Brain ": 5 Questions With Lana Del Rey. Find Out What Glenn Danzig, Sigourney Weaver, Emma Stone, And More Have To Say. Master Diplomat: Pundits Have Noted Similarities Between Trump's N. Korea Statements And JFK's Iconic  "Prepare To Be Radioactive Skeletons, Motherfuckers " Speech That De-escalated The Cuban Missile Crisis.   
 Inspiring: This Shelter Helps Women Leave Their Abusive Husbands By Training Them To Pull Off The Greatest Casino Heist Vegas Has Ever Seen. What Any Coward Afraid Of World War III Doesn't Understand Is That The Majority Of Cracker Innovation Occurs During Wartime (By The CEO Of Nabisco). PR Nightmare: Make-A-Wish Accidentally Sent A Costumed Hero Named Terminally Ill Spider-Man To A Healthy Kid's House And Asked The Child To Comfort Him In His Final Hours. Into The Digital Underworld: 5 Pictures Of Frank Sinatra With His Eyes In Different Places On His Head That We Found On The Dark Web. Former Disney World Employees Share Their Most Memorable Stories From The Park. Find Out What Michael Mann, Rachel McAdams, Missy Elliott, And More Have To Say. We Figured This  "How Well Do You Know John Carter " Quiz Wouldn't Be Much Of A Draw On Its Own, So We Sprinkled In Some Harry Potter Shit To Sweeten The Deal.    Get Your Ass Kicked At The Gandhi Memorial, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In New Delhi. 6 Beautiful Pieces Of Jewelry That Lorenzo The Street Urchin Stole From Tourists To Put On His Sleeping Uncle Matteo So He Would Wake Up Feeling Like A King. 6 People Who Were Born In September Describe What It's Like To Share A Birth Month With Mickey Rourke. Mixed Messages: Mike Pence Just Denied A 2020 Presidential Run Despite Opening The 100-Story Pence Tower In NYC Earlier This Morning. Find Out What John Lasseter, Shigeru Miyamoto, Jeff Bezos, And More Have To Say. 7 Mind-Expanding John Lennon Quotes. 4 David Bowie Personas He Created To Get Back On Jury Duty.    4 David Bowie Personas He Created To Get Back On Jury Duty. All In: Pennsylvania Has Eradicated All Plant Life But One Pomegranate Tree In A Desperate Bid To Rebrand As The Pomegranate State. Will Your Ambition Lead The American Balloon Society To Ruin?. 6 Guys In The Neighborhood Who Might Be Flirting With Mom, It's Hard To Tell. Reaching Across The Aisle: Democrats And Republicans Have Gerrymandered Around A Single Citizen Neither Party Wants. Unappreciated Greatness: An Incognito Ron Jeremy Masturbated In Grand Central Station For 2 Hours And Nobody Stopped To Watch. Find Out What Kenan Thompson, Eva Longoria, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, And More Have To Say.   
 Can You Match The  "Hey Arnold! " Character To The Episode Where They Learned That Puberty Never Stops Until You Die?. Watch A Puppet Show Featuring The Death Of A Marionette That Looks Exactly Like You, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Prague. Find Out What Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Grohl, Christopher Nolan, And More Have To Say. I May Not Agree With Everything Trump Says, But It's My Duty As An American To Repeat All Of His Talking Points Basically Verbatim. Heartwarming: This Doctor Let An Injured Boy Keep His Shoulder Dislocated For One Day So He Could Creep Out The Girls In His Neighborhood. Everything You Need To Know About Lollapalooza. Innovation Win: Meet The Brilliant Young Yoo-Hoo Executive Who Had The Idea To Just Keep Making Yoo-Hoo.    Gumby Fans Rejoice! Someone Dressed As Gumby Is Passed Out On The Side Of The Freeway In Full View Of Passing Traffic!. you're Hogwarts " Only Guidance Counselor. Can You Convince Anyone To Go To College?. Heartwarming: When This Fifth Grader Had No One To Sit With At Lunch, The School Went Ahead And Made Him A Janitor. Heartwarming: Woman Makes Out With Man Who Got Her Father's Heart Transplant. Find Out What Bruce Springsteen, Ira Glass, Colin Powell, And More Have To Say. Honoring The Fallen: YouTube Will Now Limit Fail Compilations To A Maximum Of Three Clips Where Someone Pretty Clearly Dies. Inspiring: This 95-Year-Old Woman Finally Got Her College Diploma And Is Now Moving Back In With Her Parents While She Figures Out Her Next Step.    Wenceslas, Goddamn It, Where Have You Gone And Put My Medallion?. 4 Times Jackie Chan Wept When He Was Forced To Beat Up Terminally Ill Children By The Make-A-Wish Foundation. Bold New Strategy: Gillette Just Announced That Mr. Peanut Is Now Its Mascot Too. Heartbreaking: This Woman Is Carrying An Extremely Hot Dish She Just Pulled Out Of The Oven To A Dinner Table 500 Miles Away. Find Out What J.K. Rowling, Sufjan Stevens, Jack Nicholson, And More Have To Say. Marvel Studios In Crisis: Tom Holland Has Quit The Spider-Man Franchise After Stan Lee Kept Calling To Tell Him That Spider-Man Can Shoot A Weak Stream Of Warm Water Out Of His Neck. Disaster Averted: This Teen Was About To Watch An ISIS Recruitment Video But It Had An Unskippable Dr. Scholl's Pre-Roll Ad So He Just Closed The Tab.     "I Did House Of Cards To Pay Netflix Back For That Anaconda DVD That I Lost ": 5 Questions With Kevin Spacey. Last-Ditch Effort: The U.S. Military Is Asking Enemy Combatants To File A Report If They Suspect The American Soldier They're Shooting At Might Be Trans. It's Called  "Columbusing, " And It's The Latest Teen Craze That Has Kids Sailing The Globe In Search Of Spice. Justice Porn: Watch This Man Throw A Cantaloupe At The Scissor Lift That Decapitated His New Wife. Find Out What Tucker Carlson, Javier Bardem, Chuck Schumer, And More Have To Say. Need To Cry At Work But Don't Want Your Male Coworkers To Lose Respect For You? Here Are 5 Photos Of Damaged Boats To Pretend That you're Sad About. Are You An Esteemed Scholar Of Bus?.    Supporting The Arts: Vermont Is Offering A Tax Credit To Incentivize Indie Filmmakers To Stay The Fuck Out Of Its State With That Bootleg Duplass-Brothers-Rip-Off Bullshit. Game Changer: Mark Zuckerberg Will Now Respond To You In Facebook Messenger If Your Friend Doesn't Get Back To You Quickly Enough. A Piece Of History: The Bird The Wright Brothers Sat On Top Of For Research Is Being Added To The Air And Space Museum. Find Out What Adam Levine, Rachel Lindsay, Jennifer Aniston, And More Have To Say. Heartbreaking: This Incredibly Loyal Paparazzo Still Waits Outside The Dry Cleaner Amy Winehouse Used To Use. Lending A Hand: Reince Priebus Has Penned A Considerate Note To His Successor Explaining How The Only Law Of The Universe Is Chaos. 4 Failures Of Prison Privatization That Could Loosely Be Considered  "Left-Handed Struggles " If That's The Only Way To Reach You.   
 7 Times The Person Who Writes The Netflix Episode Descriptions Ended The Episode Description With A Little Update About Their Life. Etiquette Guide: 7 Mistakes Every First-Timer Makes When Trying To Fit In With The Nude Old Men Watching MSNBC In The Gym Locker Room. Use The Internet To See If  "Homestar Runner " Is Censored, And 4 Other Tips For A Perfect Day In Hong Kong. Find Out What Sinead O "Connor, Charlize Theron, Michelle Pfeiffer, And More Have To Say. Something Must Have Happened: This Woman With A Huge Engagement Ring Is Buying Single-Ply Toilet Paper. Beautiful: The Spirit Of Ted Kennedy Just Appeared Before The Senate To Plea For Universal Healthcare And Give Them Instructions On How To Break Him Out Of Purgatory. Firefighter Forgets To Put Down Man He Saved From Burning Building Before Entering Gas Station Bathroom.   
 Find Out What Elle Fanning, Ethan Coen, Charles Koch, And More Have To Say. The Dangers Of Automation: The Nation's Eye-Candy Pool Boys Are Struggling To Compete With More Efficient, Sexier Pool-Cleaning Robots. Huge Either Way: Researchers In The Amazon Have Discovered Either The World's Largest Frog Or The World's Most Luxurious Beanbag Chair. Horror Fans Rejoice! Stephen King's Novel  "The Skeleton That Stood On Top Of A Van And Then Waved At A Bird And Stole A Traffic Cone " Is Finally Getting Turned Into A Movie!. Kind Of A Wash For Science: Bill Nye The Science Guy Completely Shut Down A Climate Change Denier But Then Talked For An Hour About How People Who Are Killed By Ogres Automatically Get Into Heaven. Did You Wait Long Enough After Your Entire Bowling Team Died Before You Started Bowling Again?. Beautiful: Watch This Elderly Man Finally Get His Lifelong Wish Of Gyrating And Coughing Onstage While Angry People Throw Vegetables At Him.   
 Find Out What Ansel Elgort, Cormac McCarthy, Diane Keaton, And More Have To Say. Everything You Need To Know About  "Planet Of The Apes ". Amazing: This Charity Teaches Illiterate Adults About The Intricacies Of The New York Literary Scene.  "I Have A Professional Murderer Who Murders My Twitter Trolls ": 5 Questions With Chrissy Teigen. A Piece Of History: The Asteroid That Hit JFK In The Nuts So Hard He Died Will Be On Display At The Smithsonian For A Monthlong Exhibit. Incredible Courage: Women Talk About The Emotional Decision To Donate Their Eggs To The Egg Pit. Find Out What Paul Krugman, Noam Chomsky, Kenneth Lonergan, And More Have To Say.   
 Heartbreaking: This George Foreman Grill Is Best Friends With A 7-Year-Old Boy But The Kid Has No Idea. A Mystery Unfolding: This Woman Just Got A Text From Her Roommate's Mom. Serendipity: This Man Made Up An Entire Personality For His Regular Barista, And She's Perfect For Him. The Greatest Of All Time: Michael Phelps Outswam A Horse Last Night On Live TV. 5 Honor Students Who Aren't Such Hot Shit Now That School's Out For The Summer. 5 Animals That Evolution Awarded With Wings Even Though Dogs Deserved It More. Can You Match The Lyrics To The Blink-182 Song About Gambling Travis Barker Away?.   
 A Sensible Plea: Viacom Is Urging People Writing Erotic Ninja Turtle Fan Fiction To Keep In Mind The Physical Challenges Posed By The Turtles " Bulky Shells During Lovemaking. Find Out What Rihanna, Venus Williams, Kendrick Lamar, And More Have To Say. Keeping In Touch: Sean Spicer Has Given Donald Trump His Personal Email In Case The President Ever Wants To Belittle And Humiliate Him In The Future. Heartbreaking: Steve Bannon Is The Only One Who Signed Sean Spicer's Goodbye Card And He Pretty Clearly Thought It Was The Lunch Order. Find Out What Martin Scorsese, The Dalai Lama, Jay-Z, And More Have To Say. It's Theirs Now: Dozens Of Bikers Showed Up To The Capitol Building And Now It's A Biker Congress. Everything You Need To Know About The Rolling Stones.    We Hired An Artist To Depict How Climate Change Would Alter New York City, And Unfortunately He Made It Look Kinda Badass. you're A Giant Squid. Can You Fight And Defeat A Boat?. Latest Attack: ISIS Just Won Comic-Con With An Incredible Panel Moderated By Chris Hardwick. The Only 5 Serial Killers We Will Vouch For. How Far We've Come: This Incredible Photograph From 1959 Shows What It Was Like When Magic 8 Balls Were So Big They Took Up An Entire Room. Richest Man In America? This Man Is Wearing Two Belts And Throwing Away Fresh Lettuce. Find Out What Lisa Bonet, Zooey Deschanel, Aaron Judge, And More Have To Say.    Commitment To The Craft: Adam Driver Has Gained 250 Pounds To Play Jane Goodall In An Upcoming Biopic. Positive Influence: 5 Ways To Nudge Your Teen's Sex Dreams Toward A Stable, Respectable Type Of Guy Who Could Support Them Financially Throughout Their Life. Incredible: This Man Is Severely Depressed Despite Being Dressed In Head-To-Toe Tommy Bahama. Claim The Hagia Sophia As Your Own Private Shed For All Your Landscaping Equipment, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Istanbul. Find Out What Jon Hamm, Leonardo DiCaprio, Whoopi Goldberg, And More Have To Say. Share This Video To Announce you're Taking A Break From Facebook. Daring To Dream: This Woman Has Spent 30 Minutes In The Dressing Room Imagining Her Life As Someone Who Takes The World By Storm In A Fun, Floppy Hat.    Going Undercover: Jeff Sessions Has Disguised Himself As A Cartel Member And Strapped Himself With A Surveillance Wire In Order To Read The Wikipedia Entry For Marijuana. Speaking Out: The CEO Of Pixar Has Expressed Disappointment That Nobody Has Created Any  "Toy Story " Fan Fiction Disgusting Enough To Make Him Vomit. Preventing Disaster: L "Oreal Will Now Require Customers To Undergo A Rigorous Psychological Evaluation Before Going Blond.  "Uncle Phil Would Come Over To My House Every Night And Shave His Face Over My Sleeping Body ": 5 Questions With Will Smith. Medical Miracle: After This Man Was Completely Incinerated, Doctors Replaced Him With 15 Prosthetic Arms. This Is America: Saxophone Lady. Find Out What Julianne Hough, Andrew Cuomo, Randall Park, And More Have To Say.   
 I'm Thankful My Daughter Can Grow Up In A World Where She Can Be Whatever The Hell A Doctor Who Is. Disgrace: The President Of The Entomological Society Of America Has Resigned For Keeping The Best Bug In A Tupperware Under Her Bed. The Secret Plot To Replace Our Government With Sharia Law Is Terrifying, But I Can't Think Of Any Other Way To Get Me To Stop Eating Carrion. End Of An Era: The Foo Fighters Are Breaking Up After Dave Grohl's Parents Signed Him Up For Kumon. The Ultimate Vacation: Carnival Cruises Is Now Offering A Celebrity-Sighting Cruise Where It Crashes A Boat Into George Clooney's House. 6 Tactics To Win Any Argument That Would Be Perfect If They Didn't Also Attract Baboons In Heat. Find Out What Bindi Irwin, Jimmy Fallon, John Green, And More Have To Say.   
  "The Red M&M And The Yellow M&M Are Each Other's Sons ": 5 Questions With Lorde. Collectors Rejoice! Topps Just Released A Limited-Edition Hall Of Famers Pack That Includes Each Legend's Stance On Abortion. Find Out What Michael Strahan, David McCullough, Regis Philbin, And More Have To Say.  "The Ending Is That Jon Snow Invents Pizza ": 5 Questions With George R.R. Martin. Reignite The Falklands War And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Buenos Aires. Is Your Feud With The Local Butcher Nearing Its Conclusion?. Making Waves: The Biggest Winner Of NY Fashion Week Was This Shirt That Looks Dressy Enough For A Nice Dinner But Casual Enough For Just Hanging With Buds.   
 Find Out What Anna Kendrick, Michael B. Jordan, Alison Brie, And More Have To Say. Heartbreaking: Unmarried Woman Brings A Tire To Take Your Daughter To Work Day. Sending A Message: Following The Russian Lawyer Scandal, Nike Has Pulled Its $125 Million Endorsement Deal With Donald Trump Jr.. CALLING ALL PATRIOTS! America's Son, Don Jr., Is Under ATTACK! Flood Social Media With Your Nudes In Order To Distract The MSM And #KEEPDONSAFE!. These Graphs Perfectly Capture The Rolling Hills And Sprawling Pastures Of Mama's Girlhood, And O! How Sweet The Meadowgrass Smelled. Be Prepared: Experts Warn That This Polyamorous Relationship Could Expand To Cover All Of Seattle By 2021. We Asked 15 Landlords How Many Times They've Had To Evict The Red Hot Chili Peppers For Playing The National Anthem Like Shit.   
 At Long Last: Waze Is Adding A Feature That Reroutes You To Drive Past The Trucks Transporting Horses. Find Out What Laura Bush, Gwyneth Paltrow, Laurence Fishburne, And More Have To Say. Display Of Might: Pizza Hut Is Having All Its Employees March In Formation To Show The World Their Discipline And Power. Embarrassing: Disney Has Apologized For Putting A Statue Of Hugo Weaving In Its  "Avatar " Theme Park Because It Thought It Remembered Him Being In The Movie. Marine Biologists Confess What Creatures They Hope Never To Discover. Everything You Need To Know About  "Sex And The City ". Getting Answers: Charlie Rose Just Strapped Electrodes To Ben Affleck's Testicles And Demanded To Know What It's Like Working In Front Of And Behind The Camera.    6 Ways To Salvage Your Relationship With Your Dad After You Testify Against Him In Court For Pirating The Movie  "Heavyweights ". Find Out What Charlize Theron, Daryl Hall, Ben Affleck, And More Have To Say. Donald Trump Jr.'s Meeting With A Russian Lawyer: What We Know So Far. Beautiful:  "Cosmo " Is Making Up For Years Of Photoshopping Models To Be Thinner By Photoshopping Cara Delevingne Into A 2,600-Pound Behemoth. Honoring A Hero: Adam Silver Has Rewritten The NBA Record Books To Let Martin Luther King Jr. Average 20 Points Per Game. Did Bill Clinton Cheat On Monica Lewinsky With KILLARY? Yes, And Our GOVERNMENT Doesn't Want You To Know. Heartwarming: After This Teen Died From Cancer, The Rock Stepped Up And Took The Blame For All The Pornography Found On His Computer.    Find Out What Bill Maher, Forest Whitaker, Tom Hardy, And More Have To Say. Yes! Wilson Just Released A Line Of Gloves With Extra Little Strings To Pick At For Kids Who Would Rather Be At Home Drawing.  "When I Turned 21, Doctors Removed The Sock From My Throat ": 5 Questions With Justin Bieber. Find Out What David Blaine, Carlos Slim, Oprah Winfrey, And More Have To Say. 5 Tips To Fall Asleep That Are No Match Against The Cold Brew You Drank At 4 P.M., You Idiot, Why Did You Do That, You Do This Every Time. Are Your Legs Fucked Up Enough For My Risky Leg Cream Trial?. Beautiful! When This 7-Year-Old Boy Could No Longer Afford Treatment For His Brain Tumor, Mitch McConnell Dressed Up As Batman And Wheeled Him Out Of The Hospital.    Strange But True: This Man Has No Friends Even Though He Keeps All Of God's Commandments. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Find Out What Michael Shannon, Pat Sajak, Elon Musk, And More Have To Say.  "I Didn't Ask For This ": Meet The Man Who Has Osama Bin Laden's Old Cell Phone Number. Market Chaos: Revlon Stocks Are Plummeting After This Guy On A Date Said He Thinks Women Look More Beautiful Without Makeup. Take A Dive: If You Throw This  "Rocket Power " Quiz, We Both Stand To Make A Lot Of Money. Pay Your Respects At Chef Boyardee's Mausoleum, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Rome.   
 Just For Them: NASA Is Sending Astronauts To The Moon But As A Personal Thing That Will Not Involve Any Research. Find Out What Kathryn Bigelow, Misty Copeland, Navy Secretary Sean Stackley, And More Have To Say. Adorable: Watch This Elderly Woman Tell Her Grandson What Things She Plans To Eat Once Doctors Put His Teeth In Her Mouth. At It Again: Pope Francis Just Tweeted A Series Of Ambiguous Quotes About Not Being Able To Trust Your Friends. Treason: Meet The Gluttonous Meals On Wheels Senior Who Is Trying To Get Fat Enough To Crush The Liberty Bell With His Ass. Fuck Yeah: Hanukkah In June. Everything You Need To Know About  "Gilmore Girls ".    Find Out What Kathy Bates, Bill Gates, Lance Armstrong, And More Have To Say. Listen To These History Scholars Describe What Abraham Lincoln Sounded Like. Major Improvement: Amber Alerts Will Now Include An Option Where You Can Text Back  "Yikes " After Getting A Mobile Notification. Whoa: Morgan's Writing Her A's Differently Now. Can You Help Jay-Z Make A Good Rap About Cars To Surprise His Chauffeur?. Stepping Up: This New Facebook Safety Feature Lets You Mark Yourself As Someone Who Could Have Easily Been A Victim In A Terrorist Attack. 6 Bed And Breakfasts That Ewan McGregor Stayed At Once, Ranked By How Much They Lean On That In Their Advertising.    Find Out What Cole Sprouse, Lorde, Matthew Perry, And More Have To Say. 5 Times Your Favorite Late-Night Hosts Got Serious.  "My Left Arm Weighs 38 Pounds ": 5 Questions With DJ Khaled. Know Your Options: You Can Leave Any Meatball Sandwich That you're Unable To Finish At Your Local Fire Department And They Are Required To Eat It, No Questions Asked. Life Hack: How To Make Sure All Of Your Daughter's Friends Know you're A Fiscal Conservative. Find Out What Wesley Snipes, Teri Hatcher, Steven Spielberg, And More Have To Say. Everything You Need To Know About The NBA Draft.    Back To The Drawing Board: DNC Scientists Just Carried A Screaming Jon Ossoff Down A Hallway Lined With Jon Ossoff Prototypes. As A Woman, Watching  "Wonder Woman' Served As A Beautiful Reminder That I Could Probably Kill Someone With A Sword. Canine Hero: This Incredible Police Dog Has Been Trained To Be Haunted By An Unsolved Murder From 2005. Can We Solve World Hunger With One Big-Ass Ear Of Corn?. Find Out What Dale Earnhardt Jr., Peter Thiel, Gabrielle Union, And More Have To Say. Shameful: Congressional Republicans Are Dodging Questions About The AHCA By Posing As Cavemen In The Smithsonian's Early Man Diorama. The Most Wanted Man In History: An Oral History Of The Hunt For Osama Bin Laden.    Pride Before The Fall: 6 Seemingly Invincible Crime Bosses Who Finally Went Down For Assuming Fred Flintstone Was Public Domain. This Incredible Girl Escaped Becoming A Child Bride, But Her Story Would Pop A Little More If She Also Opened Up A School For Girls. Heartbreaking: Man Looks Under Couch For Missing Daughter And Then Gives Up. Go To The Rink To Watch A Few Hockey Births And 4 Other Tips For A Perfect Day In Montreal. Find Out What Sully Sullenberger, Larry Ellison, Kirsten Gillibrand, And More Have To Say.  "I Chew On My Mouth Guard As A Nod To Secretariat ": 5 Questions With Steph Curry. Meet The 98-Year-Old Animator Who Suggested Mickey Mouse's Gloves Should Be Clean.    Undaunted: This Trailblazer Is Already Comfortable With Letting His Face Touch The Couch That Came With His Apartment After Only 3 Days Of Living There. Innovation FTW: Tampax Has Unveiled A New Line Of Extra-Dry Tampons That Employees Won't Steal From Office Bathrooms. Find Out What Jack Dorsey, Naomi Watts, Eddie Redmayne, And More Have To Say. The Sweet Spot: 6 Diseases That Are Serious Enough That Your Ex Might Come To The Hospital To See You But That Won't Hit Your Appearance Too Hard. Shameful: 3 In 5 Americans Can't Even Draw A Big Crosshairs On A Map Of The Middle East. Here Are 7 Questions From The Original SAT In 1926. Could Go Either Way: No One In This Family Can Tell If Their Uncle's Facebook Page Has Been Hacked.   
 Bold Strategy: Ragu Has Started A  "Ragu College Bombshell Of The Week " Feature On Its Website. Fuck It: Let's Rank The Religions. Find Out What Richard Branson, Chuck Schumer, Ashley Graham, And More Have To Say. Incredibly Generous: Regis Philbin Visited This Sex Ed Class And Told The Students That Vultures Would Eat Him Alive If Any Of Them Had Sex Before Marriage. This One's On Her: This Woman Gave More Than $120,000 To An Online Dating Scammer Even Though The Guy Had Only Texted Her  "Hello " And Never Asked Her For Money. Everything You Need To Know About  "Twin Peaks ". Find Out What Bow Wow, Ashley Olsen, Billy Ray Cyrus, And More Have To Say.    You Lied Your Way Into A Job As A Surgeon! Can You Avoid Killing Anyone Long Enough To Collect Your First Paycheck?. I Don't Have Much In The Way Of Friends Or Family, But I Like To Think That I Am Rich In Money. Beautiful: Watch As The Owner Of This Clock Store Finds Out He's The Timekeeper Of The Clouds And Floats Into The Sky On The Largest Grandfather Clock In The Store. Blueprint For Terror: Is The WWE Unintentionally Showing Terrorists How To Perform America's Best Wrestling Moves?. Digital Hero: This Ethical Hacker Only Orchestrates Cyber Attacks If They're Justified By The Libertarian Manifesto He Wrote When He Was 19. Improving Airport Efficiency: LAX Just Announced That It'll Be Hiring 500 New Workers To Yell At You In The Pickup Lane. Find Out What Tim McGraw, Mia Hamm, Benedict Cumberbatch, And More Have To Say.    Amazing: This Woman Was Able To Turn Her Love Of Baking Pies Into A Thankless, Financially Ruinous Career. It Takes A Village: Watch 15 Men Teach A Little Boy How To Tie His Shoe. Stepping Up: When This Man Lost His Home In A Fire, His Neighbors All Awkwardly Looked At Each Other Until One Guy Hesitantly Asked If He Wanted To Stay With Him. If You Think Your Marshmallows Are Safe From Hungry Deer Just Because You Sprayed Poison On Them, Then You Are Making The Biggest Mistake Of Your Life. Respect FTW: Cinemark Theatres Is Offering An Additional 10% Off To Seniors Who Really Look Like Shit. Get Sick Of Buddha, And 4 Other Plans For The Perfect Day In Bangkok. Find Out What Stan Lee, Mario Batali, Patricia Arquette, And More Have To Say.   
 Hard To Watch: Chris Pine Accompanied This Terminally Ill Girl To Prom But Was Upstaged When Chris Pratt Accompanied An Even More Terminally Ill Girl To The Same Prom. Speeding Up The Game: The MLB Will No Longer Allow Pitchers To Deliver Stirring Monologues Between Pitches.  "I'd Like To Order A Scientific Investigation Into How Tugboats Can Move Boats That Are So Much Larger Than Them ": 5 Questions With Elizabeth Warren. Everything You Need To Know About  "Grey's Anatomy ". Anyone Who Thinks Petitions Don't Accomplish Anything Needs To Remember That Only 3 People Signed The Petition That I Drink My Own Urine, And I Still Did It. This Is America: Gary. Find Out What Wolf Blitzer, Laura Bush, MC Hammer, And More Have To Say.   
 The Last Hurdle: Congress Has Informed Puerto Rico It Can't Be The 51st State Until It Gets Its Obesity Rate Up To The U.S. Average. This 14-Year-Old Is Already Graduating College With A Physics Degree, And Her 15-Year-Old Brother Is Just The Sweetest Boy And We're Very Proud Of Him As Well. Granola Bars Are Better Than Sushi Because They're Always Fine And You Don't Have To Do Anything (By Jiro Ono). The Perils Of AI: IBM's Watson Has Traded Sensitive Customer Data To Top Hackers In Exchange For Wheels. The 6 Best Places In Atlanta To Come Down From The Absolute High Of Visiting Nashville. Tribute To A Hero: The NRA Has Dug Up The Body Of American Superman Ronald Reagan And Placed His Corpse In The Luxurious Massage Chair At Brookstone. Find Out What Kathryn Bigelow, Martha Stewart, Noah Syndergaard And More Have To Say.    Heat Up Some Wet Gray Beef In A Geothermal Spring, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Reykjavik. Stay Alert: 6 Ways To Tell If The Email You Got From Scarlett Johansson Asking For Your Credit Card Info So She Can Buy Sex Gear For Your Love Carnival Is A Phishing Scam Or Not. A Dying Boy Came Up With This List Of 6 Different Ways To Take A Bath, So Let's Act Like That Makes Sense. Find Out What Joanna Newsom, Cate Blanchett, Kate Beckinsale, And More Have To Say. Massive Waste: The 60,000-Seat Stadium Washington, D.C. Built To Host The James Comey Hearing Cost Over $1.4 Billion. ATTENTION, HONORABLE MEN. BEWARE: The LESBIAN "S SWORD.. The Power Of The Internet: A New Study Just Confirmed That 96% Of People Find Out Their Aunt Is Having Fertility Issues Through Social Media.   
 Touching: This Mom Always Packs Her Son's Lunch With A Note Reminding Him About The Mysterious Circumstances Surrounding Natalie Wood's Death. The Power Of Love: Wife Lifts Husband Into The Air So That He Has Room To Use His Very Long Mop. Find Out What Keira Knightley, Patrick Stewart, Jessica Biel, And More Have To Say. PR Nightmare: Zales Has Apologized After Debuting Extra-Small Rings For Child Brides. Animal Rights FTW! Popeyes Has Announced That They Will Only Serve Chickens Killed In Self-Defense!. Everything You Need To Know About  "The Bachelorette ". Milestone: This Man Was Just Officially Named The World's Oldest Oaf At 72.   
 Above And Beyond: This Biology Teacher Has A Disgusting Personal Anecdote About Every Organ He Teaches To His Class. Real Or Fake? Man Eats Entire Rice Cake Without Blinking. Find Out What Martha Stewart, Clint Eastwood, Forest Whitaker, And More Have To Say. Bittersweet: Man Has His Car Repossessed While He's On A Trampoline. Why Do Pro-Choice Liberals Say People Should Be Able To Do Whatever They Want With Their Bodies But Then Get Mad When I Circumcise Myself In A Coinstar Machine?. Do You Deserve Hair?.  "Kids Will Climb Into Ovens To Roast Themselves Alive ": 5 Questions With Gordon Ramsay.       . , Just Like Us: This Chimpanzee Shot Himself In The Head After The IRS Uncovered His Tax Fraud Scheme. Find Out What Sean Penn, Tulsi Gabbard, Celine Dion, And More Have To Say. Awesome! Philips Just Released A Line Of Light Bulbs That Are So Dim You Won't Be Able To See All Of The Mice Rummaging Through Your Home. What You Learn In An Abstinence-Only Sex Education Class Vs. What You Learn In A Fuck-Till-You-Drop Sex Education Class. Your Parents Are My Parents Now.. These 6 Unretouched Photos Of Lingerie Models Are Powerful, But They Definitely Aren't Going In Their Portfolios. Making Strides: Just 75 Years Ago, The "College Girl" Category Of Porn Couldn't Have Existed.    Safety FTW: Glade's New Air Freshener Periodically Releases Puffs Of Pepper Spray In Case Any Intruders Are In Your Home. Beautiful: This Car Salesman Shaved $1,000 Off The Sticker Price Even Though It Wasn't Going To Win Him Any Friends At The Regional Office. Find Out What George Lucas, Janet Yellen, Jacob Tremblay, And More Have To Say. Incredible Announcement: The Fire Department Has Found Treasure. Strut Your Stuff! This Woman Rocks A Two-Piece Bathing Suit At The Beach Despite Giving Birth Just Minutes Ago. Heartbreaking: This Guy Is Beating Himself Up For Making A Dumb Comment In A Meeting Even Though His Coworkers Ignore Him Whenever He Talks. Find Out What Jeff Bezos, Katie Ledecky, And Ridley Scott Have To Say.    7 Types Of Virgins That Are So Obnoxious You Honestly Feel Like Kind Of A Dick Sacrificing Them To Gator God. Best Toy Ever! Mattel Has Released A Barbie Malibu Safe House Where Barbie Can Hide From The Yakuza. Technical Troubles: Amazon's New Delivery Drones Won't Stop Carrying Copies Of Tina Fey's  "Bossypants " To The Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier. Sure You Wanna Order The Ribs? $19 ... Pretty Steep.  "All I Wanted Was To Be A Professional Horseshoe Player ": 5 Questions With Nicki Minaj. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Dazed And Confused ". Find Out What David Attenborough, Danica Patrick, And Michael Bloomberg Have To Say.    Yes! Wet Ones Just Released A Line Of Edible Hand Wipes That You Can Eat In Front Of A Date To Impress Them. Everything You Need To Know About  "Battlestar Galactica ". Totally Fucking Blue-Balled: This Physics Teacher Took Her Class On A Trip To Six Flags, But Gave Them A Mandatory Assignment To Do During It. Beautiful Tribute: Toaster Pops Chicago's Greatest Hits!. Find Out What Christina Aguilera, Jaleel White, And Neil deGrasse Tyson Have To Say. 5 Sex Scenes We Actually Enjoyed Watching With Our Parents. 5 Coming-Of-Age Rituals From Around The World.   
 7 Invasive Species Donald Trump Brought Back On Air Force One From His International Trip. Without Abstinence-Only Sex Ed, How Will The Young Ones Know Where Their Genitals Mustn't Go?. Real-Life Action Heroes: The 5 Most Heroic Individual Battlefield Feats In The History Of War. 6 Ways Your Life COMPLETELY Changes When You Walk Around Hollywood Holding Matt Damon Over Your Head. Body Positivity Win! Pinnacle Foods " CEO Just Pointed Out That Mrs. Butterworth Isn't Exactly What you'd Call Thin. Put On Notice: John Legend Took To Twitter Last Night To Completely Rip Into Whoever's Been Putting Wet Towels Inside His Piano. Devastating: Watch This Guy Realize That When He Overhears People At Work Talking About  "The Hamburger Dipshit " They're Referring To Him.    Find Out What Jennifer Hudson, Bobby Flay, And Bindi Irwin Have To Say. Education FTW:  "Sesame Street " Showed Grover Laying An Egg That Elmo And Ernie Both Hatch Out Of To Teach Children Not Everything Can Be Explained With A Catchy Little Song. Disturbing Trend: Teens Are Knocking All Their Teeth Out To Look More Like How They Imagine Emma Stone Will Look In 75 Years. 8 Ways To Make Your Mom's Birthday Party At Great Clips As Magical As Possible. Find Out What Missy Elliott, Bill Nye, And Jessica Biel Have To Say. The 7 Guys You Date In College, All Gooped Up Into One Moaning Blob. Beautiful: These Civil War-Era Photos Of Chris Pratt Comforting A Boy Dying Of Smallpox Will Restore Your Faith In Humanity.    You Got Hot. Can You Have Fun At Your 10-Year High School Reunion?. Turning 50 Means Finally Accepting That You'll Probably Never Be Activated As An Unstoppable Rogue Agent. Was The COWARD Roger Ailes Not Conservative Enough To Keep From Dying? Here's Why Your Fox News  "Hero " Is Actually A Leftist Corpse.. Everything You Need To Know About  "The Lord Of The Rings ". Saying Goodbye: Man Finally Turns All 50 Pictures Of Jared Fogle In His House Toward The Wall. Find Out What Cesar Millan, Celine Dion, And Chuck Schumer Have To Say. The Sad State Of America's Public Schools: This Teacher Isn't Hot At All.    Twitter Meltdown: Ben & Jerry's Is Going Really Hard On Itself After The Only New Ice Cream Flavor It Could Think Of Was Vanilla With Walnuts. Appear As An Extra In A Bollywood Movie About Your Own Assassination, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Mumbai. Heartbreaking: This Soldier Returned Home After Serving 5 Years In Afghanistan To Find That His Wife Had Started Buying The Weird Kind Of Cereal. Find Out What Penn Jillette, Wolfgang Puck, And Christina El Moussa Have To Say. This Is America: Pauline. Environmental Disaster: The Oceans Are Now Irreversibly Polluted With Cell Phones That Businessmen Have Thrown In After Realizing What's Truly Important Is Family. A Good Helper: Donald Trump Jr. Has Been Guarding The Oval Office With A Tennis Racket Since The President Left The Country.    6 Changes The Human Body Undergoes In Space. The Mystery Lives On: Scientists Have Concluded That They Will Never Know If Salsa Is Kind Of Good For You Or Kind Of Bad For You. Awesome! Disney World Is Opening A Brand-New Park For People Who Liked Disney Movies As A Kid But Have A Healthy Sense Of Detachment About The Whole Thing Now. Heartbreaking: Hibachi Chef Tries To Make Meal On A Regular Table. Find Out What Sally Yates, Mario Batali, And Billie Jean King Have To Say. Diplomatic Blunder: Donald Trump Keeps Calling Israeli And Palestinian Officials  "The Class Of 2017 " And Telling Them To Follow Their Dreams. THE FOLLOWING IS A TEST OF THE JACOB-TREMBLAY-PETTING-A-DUCK ALERT SYSTEM. PLEASE DISREGARD..    Heartbreaking: Today Is Two-Dollar Lobster Roll Day, But No One Knows Where. The One Thing I Miss Since Becoming Vegetarian Is Animals Being Killed For My Pleasure. Accessibility FTW! Tic Tac Is Making Its Breath Mints 500 Times Larger For The Visually Impaired. Fascinating Social Experiment: These Millions Of Women Tried Cheap Drugstore Makeup For Their Entire Lives. Find Out What Simone Biles, Jake Tapper, And Joe Arpaio Have To Say. Does Your Relationship Need An Original Love Song Composed By Kathy D "Jazz?. Closing A Chapter: Last Night A Construction Crew Took Down The Controversial 400-Foot Statue Of Hitler That Welcomes Visitors To Wisconsin.    ClickHole And PatriotHole Are Teaming Up To Profit Off A Fracturing America.  "Every Day I Spend 14 Hours Arguing With Liam About Whether Trotsky Had It Coming ": 5 Questions With Harry Styles. Find Out What Reese Witherspoon, Regis Philbin, And Takashi Miike Have To Say. Failing Our Children: This Public School's Sex-Ed Class Doesn't Cover Ways To Drive Him Wild And Leave Him Begging For More. Nation In Mourning: Roger Ailes, America's Jolly Grandpa Who Was Always Pulling Beloved Goofs On Ladies, Has Been Murdered By The Deep State. Here Are 4 Pics Of The Nasty Prez O-BUMPER Dipping His BUNGLER "S FINGERS In People's SOUP AND MILK In Order To DESTROY LUNCH For All America. It's Called The Rape Cube, And It's What Islamist Migrants Would Build If They Were Scientists With Billions Of Dollars.    When I Was In School, Boys Used The Boys " Bathroom, Girls Used The Girls " Bathroom, The Principal Used My Lunchbox, The Janitor Used My Lunchbox, And Teachers Used My Lunchbox. The Legend Lives On: The Flamingo That Antonin Scalia Was Reincarnated As Just Got A Standing Ovation At An NRA Convention. The Gentle Giant: 5 Times Human Skyscraper Mike Pence Used His Titanic Strength To Help The American Worker. Godspeed, Sir: Steve Bannon Is Bravely Walking Into The Desert To Find A Gun He Saw In A Dream. Learn Our Language Or GET THE HELL OUT!. Commander In Strong: These 4 Pictures Of Donald Trump Not Being Attacked By Birds Prove That He Has Utter Dominion Over The Skies. Welcome To PatriotHole, The Only Viral Media Site Brave Enough To SCREAM About REAL Americans.    What The Mainstream Media Won't Tell You: 17 Years Ago, Radical Islamic Terrorists Crashed Airplanes Into The World Trade Center, Killing Thousands Of Hardworking Americans. Hell Yes, Baby, It Is The Special Choo-Choo Medicine Called Coal! The Patriotic Vegetable That Comes From Mountains!!!. Nation Under Siege: Berkeley Scientists Have Engineered An Unstoppable Mecha- "Dreamer " Capable Of Stealing 6 Jobs At Once. Attention, Patriots: Share This Video On Your Facebook Wall To Let The World Know That Your President Is In Charge Of You. An Abortion Doctor So Sexual That Your Daughter Gets Horny For A Third-Term Procedure? Believe It. His Name Is Ahmed.. Huge Relief: Russian Officials Can't Figure Out Which Of The 50 Things President Trump Screamed At Them About ISIS And Airplanes Was Classified Information. Falling Behind: Louisiana Public Schools Are Still Using The Same Hollowed-Out History Textbooks From 1970 To Hold Their Classroom Guns.    Legendary Collaboration: The Kid Who Plays  "Runes: The Card Game " And The Kid Who Eats Orange Peels Are Sitting Together In The Library. Trump's Assault On The Environment, Explained In One Eye-Opening Chart And One Toe-Tapping Song. Everything You Need To Know About  "The Wire ". Find Out What Jack Nicholson, Katy Perry, And Pierce Brosnan Have To Say. High-Five Boats Rounding The Southern Tip Of Africa, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Cape Town. Gift Guide: 6 Gift Ideas To Get Your Fuck Buddy After Their Mom Dies While Trying To Uncover Corruption At The Highest Levels Of Government. Hell Yeah: Wikipedia Is Putting Everyone's  "Criminal Allegations " Section Up Top So You Can Get Right To The Good Shit.    Beautiful! This Palestinian And This Israeli Are Friends With Horace The Singing Plumber. Find Out What Buzz Aldrin, Aretha Franklin, And Mark Cuban Have To Say.  "Finger Skateboarding Lets Me Skate In Tiny Places That I Never Could Before ": 5 Questions With Tony Hawk. Tinder Fail: 7 Profile Photos Of Men Frowning And Pulling Out Their Empty Pockets That We Are Definitely Swiping Left On. Embarrassing: Mug Has Recalled 40,000 Cases Of Root Beer That The CEO Just Wanted Back. Find Out What Karl Lagerfeld, Steven Spielberg, And Laura Bush Have To Say. Convince A Young Michael Jordan To Become A Plumber.    Major Setback: These Harvard Researchers Successfully Cloned A Wooly Mammoth, But The Janitor Ate It After They Went Home For The Night. The Epitome Of Privilege: This School Has Its Own Police Officers. Have You Tried The New Way Of Fucking?. EPIC FAIL: Woman DROPS Family Kidney While Passing It Down To Her Daughter. Find Out What Ziggy Marley, Nigella Lawson, And Mark Zuckerberg Have To Say. Clearing The Air: Donald Trump Has Announced That He Fired James Comey For Taking Too Long To Uncover His Ties With The Russian Government. Major Disappointment: This Little Boy Wanted SpongeBob SquarePants At His Birthday Party, But His Parents Could Only Find A Square Man Who Claims That He Lives In The Ocean.    If You Donated Sperm To California Pizza Kitchen In The  "90s, You May Be Entitled To A Cash Settlement. 6 Pairs Of Aviator Sunglasses You Can Wordlessly Hand Mom For Mother's Day If Things Are Like That Right Now. Cutest Thing Ever: Old Woman Chews Gum For A Group Of Children. Let A Horrifying Spider Climb Down Your Throat, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Sydney. Find Out What Roger Federer, Patti LuPone, And Daniel Day-Lewis Have To Say. A Beautiful Tribute! The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Has Added A Janis Joplin Look-Alike To Chase Visitors Around The Museum With An Ax. Vegetarians, Rejoice! Scientists Have Developed A Way To Turn Beef Into Lettuce.   
 10 Little Everyday Things You Can Do To Help The Environment. Using Money To Pay For Sex? Meet The Silicon Valley Entrepreneur Who Says It's Possible. These People's Stories Of Paranormal Experiences Will Terrify You. Find Out What Jada Pinkett Smith, Donald Trump Jr., And Tim Cook Have To Say. Disaster Averted: 4 Times Jimmy Carter Almost Died From Contracting Salmonella By Eating Egg Salad That Came In The Mail. Crisis In France: Emmanuel Macron's Study Abroad Program Ends In June. Can You Match The Movie To The Actor Your Dad Is Pretty Sure Was In It?.    Did Willem Dafoe Just Independently Invent The Flashlight In This Epic Twitter Rant?. 6 Things That Only Australians Will Understand, So If you're Not Australian, Now Would Be A Good Time To Go Masturbate. Find Out What Regis Philbin, Danny Trejo, And Susan Sarandon Have To Say. Only TRUE Brits Will Remember Seeing This In Their Childhood Biology Class. Here's How To Deal With The Oldest Woman In The World Showing Up To Your Grandmother's Funeral And Triumphantly Flipping The Casket. Big Relief: This Guy Who Got Drunk And Harassed A Woman Last Night Isn't Usually Like That. Are You Man Enough To Ride Along With Me In My Slow Purple Corvette?.    Find Out What Dwayne Johnson, Kelsey Grammer, And Rachel Maddow Have To Say. Another PR Nightmare: A United Airlines Flight Just Landed With The Splattered Remains Of Meryl Streep All Over Its Windshield. Coolest. Rock Star. Ever: Sting Just Gave One Lucky Fan A 20-Minute Head Start Into The Woods Before Beginning His Relentless Hunt.  "I've Always Wanted To Harness The Power Of Bugs ": 5 Questions With Elon Musk.  "Prey " Is The Perfect Game For Propping Open Your Door So Your Landlord Can Come In And Tell You About His Alchemy Experiments. Find Out What Melinda Gates, Bear Grylls, And Shigeru Miyamoto Have To Say. Philanthropy FTW: The Bill And Melinda Gates Foundation Has Donated 250 Million Zebras To Seattle's Woodland Park Zoo.   
 This Amazing Little Girl Is Only 8 Years Old, But That Didn't Stop Her From Sending So Many Drawings Of Vegetables To Soldiers Overseas That The Army Had To Ask Her To Stop. How Would You Rate Your Experience At The Hollywood Arthritis Museum?. Awesome! Venmo Is Adding A Feature That Will Let You Pay Your Roommates To Be Nice To You. 8 Struggles That Every Parent Of A Toddler Knows To Be True. Mind Magician: This Master Memorizer Shares His Techniques. Find Out What Carly Fiorina, Cristiano Ronaldo, And Giada de Laurentiis Have To Say. Here's What I Learned In My Year Embedded With The Landscaping Crew I Mistook For ISIS.    Powerful: Pringles Has Unveiled A Line Of Damp Chips That Won't Crunch Loud Enough To Ruin A Moment Of Silence For Our Fallen Soldiers. 5 Times The U.S. Almost Went To War. We Never Intended Facebook Live To Be Anything But A Platform For Streaming Legally Performed Euthanasia (by Mark Zuckerberg). Life After The White House: Obama Just Launched His First Drone Strike As A Civilian. Post This Video To Your Wall Every Few Hours To Let Your Friends And Family Know you're Still Alive!. Find Out What Ben Affleck, Elon Musk, And Janet Yellen Have To Say. 6 DIY Wedding Ideas That Can Save You Money If Your Time Is Worth Nothing.    Trip Down Memory Lane: After 40 Years This Surgeon Finally Retrieved The Time Capsule He Sewed Inside His First Patient. Inclusivity Win! Mr. Incredible Will Be Played By An Asian-American In An Upcoming  "The Incredibles " Porn Parody. 6 Mild Self-Defense Moves You Can Use When You Aren't Sure If you're Being Attacked Or Just Hugged. Find Out What Kristen Bell, Richard Branson, And Martha Stewart Have To Say. Pick Up The Pace: 5 Celebrities Who Are Ascending To Heaven Incredibly Slowly. Security FTW! The State Department Has Released A New Map Of The World Where America Is Too Small For ISIS To Find. The 6 Best Cream Songs About How The Band Landed On The Name  "Cream ".   
 Find Out What Sarah Paulson, Anthony Rizzo, And Matthew Perry Have To Say. Ultimate Fan: This Woman Spent $100,000 On Plastic Surgery To Make Her Comatose Husband Look Like Denzel Washington.  "Mario Kart 8 Deluxe " Is A Sobering Commentary On The Perils Of America's Crumbling Infrastructure. Hello, You Are The Monkey Detective. Can You Figure Out Which Monkey Stole Your Wine?. Everything You Need To Know About James Bond. Gaining Momentum: Marine Le Pen Is Surging In The Polls After Pledging To Restrict France's Population To The 10 Frenchest People On Earth. Witness The Murder Of An Opposition Journalist, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In St. Petersburg.    Find Out What Dr. Ruth Westheimer, J.K. Simmons, And Mark Zuckerberg Have To Say. 7 Quick Tips To Make The Police Think You Had A Loving Family If you're Choking In Your Apartment Alone. Right-Wing Rebel: The Incredible Rise Of Steve Bannon. 7 Famous Public Apologies That Got It Right. This Visionary Dessert Chef Surgically Implants Mochi Ice Cream Into Your Stomach Without Your Knowledge Or Permission. A Beautiful Gesture: Outback Steakhouse Is Attempting To Coax Amelia Earhart Out Of Hiding By Offering Her 200 Pounds Of Raw Steak From Any Of Its Restaurants. A Master At Work: George Saunders Orders One Mousetrap Over The Phone.    Find Out What Charlize Theron, Barack Obama, And Tom Cruise Have To Say. Uh Oh: Did John Mayer Forget What Chewing Gum Was Partway Through His Twitter Rant Against It?. Body Positivity Win: Dove Released A Shock Collar That Sends 5,000 Volts Through A Woman's Body Whenever She Doubts Her Own Beauty. Another Tragic Celebrity Death: Cher Didn't Show Up To This Bakery's Free Donut Day, And There's No Good Reason To Turn Down Free Donuts. 6 Ways To Finally Move On From Your Ex Forever, Or At Least Until He's Ready To Date You Again, Which Is Hopefully Soon.  "To A Child, I Am Completely Immovable ": 5 Questions With Chance The Rapper. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Inception ".   
 Find Out What Martha Stewart, Pope Francis, And Richard Gere Have To Say. Dining 2.0: This Incredible New High-Tech Restaurant Uses Facial Recognition Technology To Make Sure Sex Offenders Can't Get Dessert. Can You Redeem Count Dooku In The Eyes Of Your Father-In-Law?. 5 Methods To Keep Leftovers Fresh While you're Away At War. Diversity FTW! This Dominican Nanny Is Basically Part Of The Family. Here They Are! It's The Spring 2017 Rundown Of Teens Whose Parents Let Them Drink Wine At Dinner!. Find Out What Dr. Oz, Joan Jett, And Peter Norton Have To Say.   
 Everything You Need To Know About The Beatles. Are You Impartial Enough About Salad To Be A Juror On A Case That Heavily Involves Salad?. A Commitment To Justice: Jeff Sessions Is Currently Chasing A High School Senior Who Got High At Prom Across The Roof Of A Siberian Train. Find Out What Viola Davis, Joel Osteen, And Maggie Gyllenhaal Have To Say. True Loyalty: Fox News Will Let Bill O'Reilly Get One More In For The Road.  "This One Hawk Keeps Fucking Our Drones ": 5 Questions With Jeff Bezos. Fraud Exposed: After This Man's Memoir About Finding 6 Lemons In A Hole Sold 15 Million Copies, He Tearfully Confessed To Putting The Lemons In The Hole Himself.    Incredible: An Artist Used Predictive Software To Depict What Prince Would Look Like If He Were Alive Today!. 19 Unbelievable Facts About Ancient Egypt That Will Totally Blow Your Mind. Find Out What Ted Nugent, Elon Musk, And Julia Roberts Have To Say. Throwback Review:  "GoldenEye " Sucks Because You Don't Get To Collect Any Gems. Misuse Of Funds: Wikipedia Just Admitted It Spent All $77 Million In User Donations Decking Out The Entry For Mayonnaise. 6 Unlikely Animal Friendships And You Gotta Think They're Fucking. Watch A Bull Die Of Old Age, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Madrid.    Reunion In The Works? Paul Simon And Art Garfunkel Are Driving Toward Each Other At 120 MPH On A Stretch Of Highway In The Desert. Closure: Dad Revisits The Pavilion Where His Son Ate 2 Pinecones And Pretty Much Blew Any Shot He Had At Custody. Double Tragedy: When This Shop Teacher Lost His House, His Students Secretly Tried To Build Him A New One, Until One Of Them Cut Off Their Hand With The Table Saw, So Now He's Got That Weighing On Him Too. Find Out What Montel Williams, Jennifer Garner, And Bill Nye Have To Say. 6 People Who Paul Revere Was Forced To Kill Because They Were Also Riding Through The Colonies At Midnight, Shouting About How Much They Loved Salsa. These Incredible Graphs Show How The Ratings For  "The Situation Room " Go Up As CNN Adds More And More Wolf Blitzers. Whoa: Morgan Made The Mandatory Field-Trip T-Shirt Look Cute.   
 Top The Pecking Order: 5 Ways To Establish Yourself As The Alpha Customer When Fueling Up At The Gas Station.  "Venus And I Invented A Sport Called Fox Nuggets ": 5 Questions With Serena Williams. Thoughtful But Unnecessary: Panicking Woman Thinks Church Bells Mean Her Priest Needs Salami. Find Out What Willie Nelson, Lin-Manuel Miranda, And Emeril Lagasse Have To Say. Heartbreaking: This Karaoke Place Doesn't Have The One Song This Guy Can Really Knock Out Of The Park. 7 Incredible Sex Positions We Can't Wait To Show Jesus When He Returns To Earth. Getting Out Ahead Of This One: Uber Has Apologized In Advance If Anyone Finds Out About Something Called  "Project Judas ".   
 Selfish: This Man Found Time To Build A Birdhouse While JonBenet Ramsey's Murder Is Still Unsolved. 6 Things The People Of Detroit Have Done To Revitalize Their City That Still Pale In Comparison To My Beautiful House. 6 Unforgettable Movie Characters That Were Changed Last Minute From A Giant Moth That Infringed On Mothra's Copyright. Find Out What Danica Patrick, Michael Douglas, And Beyonce Have To Say.  "I've Never Been In A Locker Room ": 5 Questions With J.K. Rowling. Stay Calm: 6 Things That Could Explain Why Your Landlord Is Still Asking You For Rent After You Painted A Portrait Of Him And Left It On His Porch. Pay Your Respects At The Asimo Graveyard, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Tokyo.    Find Out What Francis Ford Coppola, Carrie Underwood, And Helen Hunt Have To Say. Get Started Now: 7 Very Gradual Types Of Foreplay That Will Lead To Sex By The Year 2087. An Enchanted Journey: Barron Trump Stepped Through An Old Closet In The White House And Into A Magical Kingdom Where He Met A Faun With Bernie Sanders " Upper Body. 7 Murder Trials That Captivated The Nation. You Are The United Nations Secretary-General! Can You Use The Bathroom For 5 Freaking Minutes Without World War III Breaking Out?. Education FTW! The Latest McGraw-Hill History Textbook Includes A Chapter On The Time McGraw And Hill Took The Greatest Road Trip Of All Time. Theologians Explain The Stations Of The Cross.    Find Out What Julie Andrews, Paul Simon, And Susan Sarandon Have To Say. 16 Chores That Every  "90s Kid Had To Do.  "They Call Me Madame Vacuum ": 5 Questions With Julie Andrews. Should You EVER Let Your Spouse See Your Ass? These New Graphs Suggest That Keeping It Hidden Could Help You Live Forever. The Evolution Of Man: 7 New Physical Traits That Humans Will Develop Over The Next Million Years. Faith Rewarded! This Man Went To Church Every Day For 20 Years And God Let Him Die In An Awesome Speedboat Accident. Find Out What Chris Christie, Madonna, And Cesar Millan Have To Say.    7 Moments In  "The Wizard Of Oz " That Still Make Us Howl And Clap And Buy Land And Go To Sleep. First We Gave This Girl A Barbie. Then We Gave Her A Doll With Normal Proportions. Then We Gave Her A Doll With Goat Hooves.. Haunted By War: Jared Kushner Just Woke Up In A Cold Sweat After Having A Flashback About Getting A Blister During His 2-Day Trip To Iraq. Powerful: This Digital Simulation Of A Democrat And A Republican Understanding Each Other Will Fill You With Hope. Incredibly Shameful: The Trump Administration Has Spent More Than $6 Billion In Taxpayer Money On Swimming Lessons For Eric Trump. 5 Questions About Gender Identity That You Were Too Embarrassed To Ask, You Bashful Little Baby Monkey. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford's Many Brushes With Death.    Find Out What Dr. Ben Carson, Tom Hiddleston, And Sean Hannity Have To Say. I Don't Let My Children Have Smartphones Because That Would Make It Harder For Me To Make Them Believe I Killed Osama Bin Laden. Can You Match The Happy Newlywed Couple To The Title Of Their Eventual Episode Of  "Dateline "?. 5 Signs It's Time To Throw Out Your Refrigerator And Get A Mattress. Shrouded In Secrecy: Rex Tillerson Got Off A Plane In A  "Crocodile Maniac " Hat Holding A  "World's Hottest Dumpling " Mug And The Press Is Trying To Figure Out What Country He Just Came From. Finally! A Woman Worth Risking It All For!. Find Out What Dustin Hoffman, Rachael Ray, And Robert Downey Jr. Have To Say.    Remember That Guy From  "The Apprentice "? He Got HOT And Bombed Syria. This Paramedic Fell In Love With A Woman He Rescued And Now He Has That Leverage On Her Whenever They Fight. Amazing: Experts Are Predicting An Uptick Of Four  "Gorsuch Confirmation Babies " Born 9 Months From Now. Shameful: This Man Won't Stop Demanding Candles, Even Though He's Already Holding One In Each Hand. Everything You Need To Know About Wolverine. Find Out What Tim Allen, Sia, And Harry Styles Have To Say. Huge Blunder: CNN Just Accidentally Published The Article They Have Prepared For When Jesus Christ Returns To Earth.    Walking The Walk: Scott Pruitt Just Chained Himself To A Coal Power Plant To Protect It From EPA Regulators. 51 More Guesses As To What The Hanging Tennis Ball In Garages Is For. The 6 Most Famous American Political Scandals. Find Out What Rosie Perez, Ken Burns, And Michael Douglas Have To Say. At Last: Man Shows His Pet Tarantula A Maraschino Cherry.  "I've Never Met Someone Who Wasn't Italian ": 5 Questions With David Chase. Goodbye, Stress: Bath & Body Works Has Released A Nano Bath Bomb That Makes Your Blood Smell Like Soothing Lavender.   
 How Many Of These Failed Kickstarter Projects Have You Backed?. Visionary: Jared Kushner Has Announced Plans To Heal A Divided America With A Blockbuster Comedy He's Writing Called  "Boss-In-Law ". The Kindness Of Strangers: When An Air Marshal Forgot To Bring His Gun On The Plane, This Amazing Passenger Let Him Have His. These People Were There When Dylan Went Electric, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Find Out What Courteney Cox, Matthew Broderick, And Bruce Willis Have To Say. Get Chili In Austin, TX, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In Historic Philadelphia. Finally! Nike Is Rolling Out A Line Of Athleisure For When you're Sick That Looks Like Your High School Tennis Team Sweatpants And A T-Shirt From An Old Career Fair.    The 7 Sweetest, Most Romantic Things Your Boyfriend Does For You In The Morning Before Taking A Huge Shit In The Bathroom You Share With Two Other People. Cause For Concern: North Korea's Weapons Division Has Been Microwaving The Same Potato For 36 Hours. F Minus! Teachers Share Their Worst Classroom Disaster Stories. Find Out What Kate Hudson, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, And Bob Barker Have To Say. 6 Signs You Were The Favorite Child. A New Perspective: A Tall, Pale Senator Nobody Has Ever Seen Before Has Proposed That Healthcare Be Available To Anyone Who Can Offer Up Their Weight In Precious Locust Wings. Coming To Terms: This Man Has Made Peace With The Fact That He Will Never Have Enough Energy To Get A Good Deal On A Flight.   
 Body Positivity FTW: Finally There's A Doll For Girls Who Have Long, Rectangular Bodies And Necks That Hinge Backwards. Finding Purpose: When Doctors Told This Woman she'd Never Walk Again, She Made It Her Mission To Ensure No One Else Would Either. 7 Unbelievably Inspiring Thoughts To Start Your Day. 6 Things We Know About The Wonder Woman Movie Already Somehow, Though We Can't Remember Why, As If Waking From A Dream. 6 Animals NASA Has Launched Into Space To Kill The Chimp That Has Taken Control Of The ISS. Find Out What Neil deGrasse Tyson, Martha Stewart, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. Children!!! Fake Sick!! Leave School Immediately! The Beloved Gas Man Is Coming To The House Today!!.   
 Bad Timing: The GOP's Legislative Agenda Has Been Stalled Indefinitely After Paul Ryan's Free Trial Of Microsoft PowerPoint Expired. I Used To Be Pro-Obamacare. Then It Saved My Shitty Life.. Inspiring: When This Woman's Husband Died, Her Church Got Together And Named God After Him. It's Your Man Jeff, 9 Times. Find Out What Tim Cook, Tobey Maguire, And Wolfgang Puck Have To Say. Diversity Win! For Every Male Employee This Tech Company Hires, It Interviews 3 Women. 10 Mind-Blowing Facts About Ants.    Could Chasing A Thieving Monkey Down An Alley And Falling Through A Rusty Grate Into A Lost Trove Of Ancient Potions Be The Future Of Healthcare?. Welcome To Heaven! Can You Become God's Favorite?. Heartwarming: Natalie Portman Just Announced That She Hopes All Sick Kids Get Better. Heartbreaking: The Woman In This House Thinks She's Pressing Her Life Alert. Find Out What Carrie Underwood, Rahm Emanuel, And Lenny Kravitz Have To Say. Can You Design A Logo For Adam Driver?.  "Maintaining My Virginity Has Given Me Incredible Powers ": 5 Questions With Steven Spielberg.   
 Get A Grip, Girl: This Woman Has Spent The Last 8 Hours In A Sephora, Wearing A Sephora Shirt, Obsessively Talking About Sephora Products. I Just Turned 27, So I Guess It's Time To Start Describing Life As A Journey. 5 Ways The Wu-Tang Clan Changed Hip-Hop Forever. People Who Worked At NASA Tell Stories Of The Missions They Worked On. Find Out What Daniel Craig, Rick Harrison, And Scarlett Johansson Have To Say. Get Acquired By PayPal, And 4 Other Plans For A Perfect Day In San Francisco. 7 Signs Your Personal Trainer Is Sculpting You Into His Childhood Friend That He Left To Drown When The Lake Ice Started Cracking So He Can Finally Apologize.    How Many Of These KISS Songs Have You Heard?. Corporate Disaster: Frito-Lay Has Apologized For Printing Thousands Of Bags Of Cheetos That Said Cheetos Could Be Used As A Flotation Device. Attention, Ladies: Keep Those Old Floral Prints And Throw Out Your Useless Pleated Pants And Bury Those Beautiful Rompers For The Future And Cremate Your Fucking Chambray Because It's Trash Now. Heartbreaking: Watch This Soldier Return Home For 10 Seconds And Then Go Back To War Because He Forgot His Wallet. Find Out What David Attenborough, Jennifer Lopez, And Kristen Stewart Have To Say. Science FTW! This Feminist Campaign Is Getting More Women Into STEM By Urging Catcallers To Throw In A Couple Chemistry Facts!. 6 Editing Tips To Shorten Your Singing Telegram Informing Your Ex-Wife That Your Son Is Lost At The Mall.   
 Beautiful Tribute: Even Though His Mom Died A Year Ago, This Devoted Son Still Cashes Her Social Security Check Every Month. 7 Tree Nuts, Ranked Using A System You Could Never Even Begin To Understand. There Are 10 Pictures Of Scarlett Johansson In This List, But A True Gentleman Would Only Look At 3 Or 4. Find Out What Dominic West, Thom Yorke, And Ellen DeGeneres Have To Say. Rumor Mill In Overdrive: The Internet Is Speculating What Kind Of Person Could Be In This Porta-Potty. Heartbreaking: This Man Is Self-Conscious About His Huge Pants When It's Actually The Only Thing His Coworkers Like About Him. The End Of An Era: After 68 Years, The Hells Angels Have All Gotten Carsick And Are Going Home.   
 Find Out What Angelina Jolie, Lilly Singh, And Wolfgang Puck Have To Say.  "I Am The One With The Telescope ": 5 Questions With Neil DeGrasse Tyson. I'm So Confident That The Phony Liberal Media Won't Publish This Pro-Life Article That I'm Using It To Store All My Embarrassing Photos Of Me Bathing In Hog Slop. 6 Disastrous Products That Almost Ruined Major Brands. Is Your Kitchen Finally Ready For A Fat Little Chef Statue?. Watch These People Tell Their Worst Breakup Stories. Find Out What Slash, Octavia Spencer, And Mark Ruffalo Have To Say.    The Leaks Just Keep Coming: An Anonymous White House Source Just Sent .  Reince Priebus In A Duffel Bag. Major Setback: NASA's Fermi Gamma-Ray Telescope Has Turned Toward Earth And Is Only Transmitting Pictures Of Dogs It Finds Having Sex In The Desert. Above And Beyond: This Police Officer Carved Out An Hour A Day To Play Basketball In His Community And He Got So Good It's Not Fun Anymore. Finally! Lyft Is Adding An Option For When You Just Want To Drive Aimlessly Around Town Thinking About Your Marriage. Doomsday Averted: 5 Times The World Nearly Came To An End. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Big ". Find Out What Francois Hollande, Al Roker, And Carmelo Anthony Have To Say.    I Tried Melting A Globe To Make A Point About Climate Change But Kept Passing Out From The Fumes. As The Parent Of A Child With A Severe Peanut Allergy, Your Greatest Fear Is That He "ll Get Hit By A Truck, Fly 100 Feet Through The Air, And Land In A Vat Of Peanut Butter. 5 Times David Attenborough Sat Next To A Stranger On A Chairlift And Incorrectly Explained How Hyenas Reproduce. These People Were At The Fall Of The Berlin Wall, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Gender Equality FTW! This Company Has Installed Stirrups On All Of Its Desks So Female Employees Can Give Birth Without Falling Behind On Their Work. Find Out What David Beckham, Jane Goodall, And Mark Cuban Have To Say. Confirmation Bombshell: Neil Gorsuch Has Rescinded His Bid For The Supreme Court After Nancy Pelosi Asked Him If His Law Books Have Anything To Say About Love.    How Many Of These Ways Did Your Science Fair Project Violate The Rules Of The Science Fair?. Will You Give Me And My Dumb Bats A Ride To The Airport?. Science FTW: Scientists Have Trimmed The Number Of Facts About Elephants To A Nice, Digestible Two. Sorry, Religious Idiots, But If Jesus Is The Only Path To Salvation, Would He Even Forgive A Sinner Like Me?. 10 Telltale Signs That Daddy's Home. Find Out What Jennifer Aniston, Michael Phelps, And Taylor Dayne Have To Say. The Next Gold Rush? Millions Of Americans Are Moving To California To Look For Free Corduroy Pants After A Man Found A Pair Of Them In His Attic.    Unnecessary Expense: The U.S. Military Wastes $5 Billion A Year On The Bullets Snipers Zing Off Of Big Bells And Gongs. Sick Obsession: This Kid Loves Dinosaurs So Much He Had A Whole Fucking Dinosaur-Themed Birthday Party. What I Learned About Race From Going To See  "Get Out, " Learning It Was Sold Out, And Going To See  "Lego Batman' Instead. Find Out What Donatella Versace, Joe Maddon, And Christopher Nolan Have To Say. Heartbreaking: This Kid Way Overdid It On The Shading And Pretty Much Ruined What Could've Been A Decent Drawing Of A Horse. 8 Musicians Tell Us About Their Dream Collaborations. Learn To Loot, Smash Skulls, And Scream The Right Way In Our Protest Safety Simulator!.    Inspiring! This Supercut Of People Deleting The Files That Would Ruin Their Lives Is Seriously Uplifting. Mars Is Looking Good In The First Photos Sent Home By The New Orbiter ...Looking Real Good ...So Good ... Damn. Thrilling: This ICE Officer Currently Escorting An Immigrant Woman Away From Her Family Is Thinking About Which Movie Star Would Play Him In A Film Called  "American Sentinel ". Find Out What Emeril Lagasse, Demi Moore, And Michael Caine Have To Say. Guardian Of The Hospital: A Look Back At All The Times Chris Pratt Visited Sick Kids. Heartwarming: Make-A-Wish Surprised This Kid Who Had A Runny Nose With An Avocado. Buying Frenzy: Gillette's Stock Has Skyrocketed After Their President Tweeted  "Shaved Zoos ".    20 Unbelievable Birth Control Facts That Will Totally Blow Your Mind. How Many Of These Slogans Have You Seen Welcoming You To Small Towns?. Look Homeward, Angel: Man Returns Overdue  "Get Shorty " DVD To Boston Market That Used To Be A Hollywood Video. Find Out What Dakota Fanning, Tom Cruise, And Sir Anthony Hopkins Have To Say. This Artist Reimagined  "Game Of Thrones " Characters As Babies But Unfortunately Uses Them To Protest Abortion Rights. These People's Alien Abduction Stories Will Blow Your Mind. Game Changer: Kellogg's Is Recalling 20 Million Boxes Of Cocoa Krispies Because They Decided That Deprivation Is The Only Path To Enlightenment.    Miracle: Surgeons Have Saved A Baby Born With Its Arm Stuck In A Vending Machine. A Piece Of History: The Dryer JFK Died In After Getting Inside To Simulate Going To Space Is Coming To The Smithsonian. The 6 Types Of Dead Guys You Find Wedged In The Gears Of Your Bulldozer. Find Out What James Mattis, Charlize Theron, And Shailene Woodley Have To Say. Doing The Work For You: The New Version Of TurboTax Automatically Calls Your Dad And Asks Him A Bunch Of Questions. The Search Is Over: After Considering Millions Of Women Who Came In To Try On Dresses Over The Years, The Founder Of David's Bridal Has Finally Chosen A Bride. Heartwarming: When Anna Kendrick Found Out This Fan Had Terminal Cancer, She Surprised His Landlord With The Perfect Replacement Tenant.    7 Ways To Break Your Pushover Friend Who Just Started Standing Up For Himself. 7 Signs It's Time To Move To A New Apartment With An Additional 5 Square Feet Of Space. Find Out What Amy Adams, Shigeru Miyamoto, And Benicio del Toro Have To Say. Double Standard? President Trump Is Catching Heat For Leaving The White House Every Weekend But President Obama Hasn't Been There In 8 Weeks. Utter Futility: 5 Tutors Who Failed To Convince My Daughter That Galileo Isn't Still Alive And On The Lam.  "I Wish I Had Invented Batman ": 5 Questions With Stan Lee. Not Messing Around: J.K. Rowling Just Threatened To Write A Short Story Where Harry Potter Drowns In A Septic Tank At Woodstock  "99 If Fans Don't Do Something Big For Her Birthday.    Find Out What Sidney Crosby, Ben Affleck, And Olivia Wilde Have To Say. As An ICE Agent, The Best Part Of My Job Is Getting To Work With Children. Internet FTW: Someone Photoshopped A Gazelle Next To Donald Trump, And It's Going Viral Under The Assumption That It Takes Him Down In Some Way. How Many Of These James Patterson Novels Have You Read?. Find Out What Kenny G, Julianne Moore, And Judge Judy Sheindlin Have To Say. If Our Country Can't Agree On Basic Facts, I Fear My Record-Shattering High Score In  "Big Buck Hunter " Will Be Lost In The Murk. Nowhere To Run: Jason Chaffetz Just Opened Up His Dishwasher And A Horde Of Angry Constituents Spilled Out.   
 Standing In Solidarity: The San Diego Zoo Is Observing  "A Day Without A Woman' By Releasing All Its Female Animals. Our Best 65 Guesses As To What The Hanging Tennis Ball In Garages Is For. 6 Things You Can Do Now To Get Ready For Funeral Season. Find Out What Robert Redford, Alicia Vikander, And Brie Larson Have To Say. Beautiful! The Met Is Unveiling 200 Previously Undisplayed Paintings Of Men Who Look Like They're Named  "Fat Sal ". Everyday Hero: When This High School Student's Dad Died Unexpectedly, His Teacher Stepped In To Hit On His Mom. Trolling Master Class: Some Genius Prankster Uploaded A Photo Of Helicobacter Pylori Bacteria To The Wikipedia Page For Burkholderia Cenocepacia.   
 7 Things Babies Learn While Still In The Womb. Find Out What Pope Francis, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, And John Cena Have To Say. Trump Accuses Obama Of Wiretapping Trump Tower: What We Know So Far. Smart Thinking: The National Dairy Council Will Take Credit For All Terror Attacks So ISIS Can't Use Them To Recruit. Close Enough: 6 Kids Who Haven't Done Any Prodigy Shit Yet, But They're Pretty Fucking Weird So We "ll Give Them The Benefit Of The Doubt. Can Volcanoes Teach Us Anything About Volcanoes?. What In God's Name Is Going On With Planes?.    What Is The Meaning Of Teeth?. What Happens To Our Bodies When We're Fucking?. Could Humans One Day Die On Mars?. 7 Other Musicals Lin-Manuel Miranda Wrote About Aaron Burr Killing Someone Before He Landed On  "Hamilton ". Incredible: This Very Crafty Man Turned His Television Into A Fish Tank, But That Was The Last We Heard From Him. Hope He's Okay.. Find Out What Greta Gerwig, Mahershala Ali, And Conor McGregor Have To Say. Talk About Commitment: 5 Actors Who Put On A Ton Of Weight In Preparation To Hatch A Big Egg.   
 Going Rogue: Jeff Sessions Is Continuing To Pore Over A Corkboard Of Interconnected Pictures Of Himself Even After Being Taken Off The Case. Hello From My LIBERAL TEARS BATHTUB Where I Wash My CREASES With LIBERAL SNOWFLAKE TEARS To Deal With My AGGRESSIVE Skin Problem. Find Out What Larry Ellison, Dr. Ben Carson, And Anthony Rizzo Have To Say. This Is Not The America That Welcomed My Immigrant Parents With Muted Xenophobia. Heartwarming: When Chris Pratt Heard A Young Fan Was Dying, He Challenged Death To A Chess Match For The Kid's Life.  "Zelda: Breath Of The Wild " Is A Masterpiece That Proves Japan Is Advanced Enough To Pull Off Another Pearl Harbor. Welcome To Defensive Driving, Chumps! you're Mine For The Next 6 Hours..   
 How Many Of These Complaints Have You Put In The Comment Box At The Driving Range?. Find Out What Bruce Springsteen, Yao Ming, And Janelle Monae Have To Say. Administration In Chaos: Sean Spicer Confiscated Staffers " Phones To Search For Leaks And Got Addicted To Some Game He Discovered Called  "Baby Doctor Ear Surgery ". How Badly Are You Ripping Off The City Of Des Moines?. Find Out What Cameron Winklevoss, Peter Jackson, And Reese Witherspoon Have To Say. The 10 Absolute Craziest Easter Eggs Ever Found In TV And Film. A Public Nuisance: Barack Obama Was Kicked Off Of A White House Tour For Shouting,  "I Already Know That, " After Everything The Tour Guide Said.   
 Enough Time Has Passed To Reveal George W. Bush Was The  "American Idiot " (By Billie Joe Armstrong). This Chilling Footage Proves Donald Trump Is Right About Chaos In The Streets Of Chicago. Noble Cause: This Inspiring Nonprofit Sends People Into The Amazon Rain Forest To Teach Indigenous Tribes Who Super Mario Is. How Many Of These Hard-Line Negotiating Tactics Have You Used To Get The Best Price On A Sponge?. Heartwarming: These Firemen Let A Dying Boy Ride Around With Them All Day After Accidentally Running Him Over With Their Fire Truck. If My Son And His Friends Are Going To Deface A Jewish Cemetery, I'd Rather They Do It Safely At Home. Find Out What Forest Whitaker, Wolfgang Puck, And Drew Carey Have To Say.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Thing ". 7 Places To Hide Your Cabbages From An Asshole. Is Your Work BFF Also The Person Who Has Been Selling Your Dad Faulty Gym Equipment?. Find Out What Bill Gates, Gwyneth Paltrow, And Dr. Ruth Westheimer Have To Say. Doing Its Part: This Nonprofit Is Encouraging Girls To Pursue Careers In Science By Infecting Them With A Disease With No Known Cure. Staying Pure: Mike Pence Just Instructed His Secret Service Detail To Riddle Him With Bullets If His Hands Ever Go Below His Waist. Missed Our Oscars Live-Tweeting? Here Are The 10 Tweets That Sum The Night Up Perfectly.    A Beautiful Journey: America's Celebrities Have Begun Their 3,000-Mile Red-Carpet March From Boston To Los Angeles To Attend The Oscars. Get Loose And Match These British Celebrities With Whatever You Want. When Parents Snapchat: 5 Hilarious Snapchat Fails That Were Also Unfortunately The Last Transmissions I Received From My Mother And Father On Their Ill-Fated Trip Into The Grand Canyon. Find Out What Aly Raisman, Lin-Manuel Miranda, And Duff Goldman Have To Say. Which Of Your Dumbass Contributions To The Class " Discussion Of  "Animal Farm " Prompted The Faculty To Quietly Reassign You To The School's Landscaping Crew?. Better Safe Than Sorry: Watch This Man Hide Under A Pile Of Laundry Just In Case His Tennis Teacher Is Coming To Yell At Him. 125 Years Of Basketball: 9 Ways The Game Has Changed.    Life In Shadows: A Cloaked Merrick Garland Is Crouched In The SCOTUS Rafters Whispering A Dissenting Opinion And Clutching A Withered Rose. Find Out What Fiona Apple, Mahershala Ali, And Kate Hudson Have To Say. 9 Infuriating Things That Always Happen When You Are Driving Your Lamborghini 150 MPH To The Supermarket To Return 30 Pounds Of Spoiled Beef. Heartwarming: When Steven Tyler Found Out There Was An Aerosmith Fan With Only 2 Weeks To Live, He Suggested A Bunch Of Better Bands She Should Check Out. How Many Of These Ways Have You Described The Haircut You Wanted To Your Barber?. 6 Ways To Get Your Parents To Renounce Christ So That You Can Have Heaven All To Yourself. These People Were There For The "Miracle On Ice," And Their Stories Are Incredible.    Find Out What Vin Scully, Jillian Michaels, And Emma Watson Have To Say. White House In Chaos: The Chilean Foreign Minister Had To Wait In The Hallway For 3 Hours While Reince Priebus And Steve Bannon Argued About Who Gets To Wear Their One Belt. Living Paradox: This Man Has Shared An Article He Disagrees With. How Insistent Are You That Cowboy Boots Be Considered Laundry?. The Power Of Love: This Woman Gave Up Her Lifelong Dream Of Being A Painter To Marry Someone Who Thinks Art Is Dumb. Heartbreaking: This Man Smells The Raspberries But Cannot Find Them. Find Out What Halle Berry, Sandra Bullock, And Jane Goodall Have To Say.    11 Simple Rhymes To Help You Remember How Dale Earnhardt Died. Sorry, Horny Boys, But These 7 Curvaceous Topiaries Are Pretty Much The Sexiest Thing We Can Get Through Your Middle School's Content Filters. Game Changer: Kleenex Has Announced A New Line Of Dress Shirts Designed To Blow Your Nose Into. 6 Acts Of Self-Care For Anyone Having Trouble Coping With The Bull Currently Goring Them. Find Out What Adele, Justin Trudeau, And Naomie Harris Have To Say. Heartwarming: Make-A-Wish Is Granting This Terminally Ill Boy's Disgusting Ham Fantasy. I Used To Think Interracial Marriage Was Wrong, But Now I Think About Egg Salad So Often That I Hardly Ever Worry About Interracial Marriage Anymore.    Strange But True: This Man Is Not On The San Antonio Spurs But Is Still Happy. Find Out What Christy Walton, Joaquin Phoenix, And Jay Z Have To Say. Doing It His Way: Sean Spicer Just Referred To Reporters As  "Contestants " And Told Them They're On Something Called  "The Spice Of Life ". How Loyal Is Your Guitar Teacher?. A Tooth In Death's Mouth: A Sam Stonemarrow Mystery. The Perils Of Climate Change: A Rise In Sea Level Of Just One Foot Would Be Devastating For The Man Tied To This Pier. Harrowing: Listen To These People Talk About The First Time They Ran Out Of Radishes.    Find Out What Bruce Willis, Satya Nadella, And Avril Lavigne Have To Say. Cracking Facade: Reince Priebus Just Chased An On-Fire Donald Trump Down The Hallway In Full View Of A White House Tour Group. 8 Things NEVER To Say To A Woman Who Has Chosen To Give Birth Naturally. Are You Secure Enough To Handle A Few Digs About Your Porcelain Dove Collection?. Smart Call: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Has Been Dead On The Supreme Court Bench For 3 Months, But Democrats Are Febrezing Her Every Day In Hopes That No One Notices. Diversity Win! These Men Are Wearing Motion-Capture Suits So Someone Who Knows How To Do Special Effects Can Turn Them Into Women Of Color. Find Out What Drake, Michael Scuse, And Jennifer Lopez Have To Say.    Michael Flynn's Resignation: What We Know So Far. I Thought I'd Never Walk Again, And After A Real Birdbrain Move On My Nephew's Trampoline, I'm Sure Of It. A Look At The  "Scarface " Soundboard Donald Trump Uses To Intimidate World Leaders While He Is On The Phone With Them. Keeping Jobs In America: Trump Has Convinced An Accordion Player Not To Move To China. How Many Of These Rookie Kissing Mistakes Have You Made?. Heartbreaking Sacrifice: Man Uses His State Quarter Collection To Do Laundry. Find Out What Hailey Rhode Baldwin, Wolfgang Puck, And George Lucas Have To Say.   
 Becoming Presidential: Officials Say That Trump's Japanese Geisha Character Was More Respectful Than Usual When He Showed It To The Japanese Prime Minister. Are You Older Than My Landlord?. 7 Signs Your Doctor Somehow Knows About That Dream You Had Where You Kissed Him. Find Out What Goldie Hawn, Bernie Sanders, And Elon Musk Have To Say. Blossoming Romance? Katy Perry Was Just Spotted Sitting On Steven Spielberg's Lap While He Showed Her The Ins And Outs Of Norton AntiVirus. Game Changer: LinkedIn Is Adding A Feature Where You Can Really Fucking Beg. Sending A Message: J.C. Penney Will No Longer Sell Mike Pence's Line Of Jockstraps That Shock You Whenever You Think About A Naked Island Woman.   
 When This Man Lost His Job, He Didn't Know What To Do--3 Years Later, He Co-Owns A Dinner Jacket. Taking Charge: Steve Bannon Volunteered To Take A Few Shifts From The Sniper On The White House Roof. Find Out What Dwayne Johnson, Jimmy Wales, And Jennifer Connelly Have To Say. Hypocritical On Spending? It Costs $18 Million A Month For The Secret Service To Protect Donald Trump From Accidentally Killing Himself In The Bathroom. What Condiment Are You Referring To When You Ask For  "Dog Sauce "?. 6 Beautiful Quotes To Get You Through The Death Of A Pet. Beautiful: This Christian Became Best Friends With A Muslim And They Had A Nice Thing Going Until They Just Stopped Keeping In Touch.    Watch These Businessmen Talk About The First Time They Ever Put On A Suit. Find Out What Matt Damon, Giada De Laurentiis, And Jimmy Carter Have To Say. Practicing Self-Care: Thousands Of Americans Are Showing Up To Stare At A Fat Baby Stuck In A Doggy Door To Distract Themselves From Their Trump-Related Anxiety. 6 Extremely Impressionable Children Who Burned Down A Church After Listening To A Song That Had Drums In It. A Diplomatic Nightmare: China Has Demanded Its Own Jon Hamm. Jesus Christ, We Should Have Narrowed This Down, But Which Animal Are You?. Progress: Watch A Man With Hair Enter The All-Bald Gazebo For The First Time Ever.    Find Out What Dennis Leary, Oprah Winfrey, And LeBron James Have To Say. If America Is Abandoning Its Role As The World's Moral Leader, I'd Like To Take A Crack At It. Finally! A Pregnancy Test That Congratulates You For Having Sex Before Showing You The Result. 5 Self-Defense Moves You Can Use In Order To Protect Your Printer. 6 Signs Your Realtor Is Trying To Sell You A House Where Two Sloths Have Had Sex. Horrifying: LEAKED Footage Of Doctor Rolling Around In The Mud Before Surgery. Find Out What Joey Chestnut, John Ratzenberger, And Axl Rose Have To Say.   
 Who Is Taking Me To These Countries?. Social Media Fail: Long John Silver's Just Posted A Video Of A Hostage Being Beheaded With A Swordfish In An Attempt To Go Viral. How Many Of These Call-And-Response Chants Have You Tried Starting At A Funeral?. Government In Chaos: Donald Trump Signed An Executive Order That Just Says  "HOT CUBE " And Federal Agencies Are Scrambling To Interpret It. Beautiful: This Internet Message Board For People Whose Pants Keep Falling Down While They're Getting Chased By Stampeding Rhinos Shows The Healing Power Of Online Communities. Find Out What Edward Snowden, Manny Pacquiao, And Paul McCartney Have To Say. Damage Control: To Woo Back Users, Uber Is Donating Half Of Its Drivers " Wages To Syrian Refugee Charities.   
 Heartwarming: When A Gland Disorder Caused This Third-Grader To Gain Weight, His Classmates Each Put On 100 Pounds To Show Their Support. Can You Suggest A Good Haircut For Men With Small Mouths?. Find Out What Ben Carson, Gary Oldman, And Bindi Irwin Have To Say. Hitting The Ground Running: Steve Bannon Spent His First Meeting On The National Security Council Describing The Way He Would Kill Each Person In The Room. Historic Discovery: Archaeologists Have Uncovered The Cellar Containing All Of Jesus " Exoskeletons. Being The Change: The NFL Will Donate $1,000 To CTE Research For Every Bone-Crunching, Get-You-Up-Out-Of-Your-Seat Hit In The Super Bowl. Can You Help Your Dad Lose His Virginity At The Super Bowl?.   
 Women Tell Period Stories That Hopefully Toe The Line Between Relatable To Women And Non-Threatening For Men. Find Out What Bill Gates, Krysten Ritter, And Jeff Bezos Have To Say. Facepalm: Reince Priebus Just Got Caught In One Of The Hundreds Of Booby Traps Steve Bannon Has Set For Immigrants In The White House. If A Swiffer WetJet Would Somehow Be Useful To The Resistance, I Have Seven. How Many Of These Ways Have You Dropped Hints That It's Your Birthday?. 5 Times Speed Stick Had To Ask George Lucas To Stop Buying TV Airtime To Independently Advertise Its Product. Find Out What Brie Larson, Serena Williams, And Tony Robbins Have To Say.   
 Planning Ahead: ISIS Has Asked Donald Trump To Give More Of A Heads-Up Next Time He Drops A Massive Gift Like The Muslim Ban In Its Lap. The Saga Continues: Delta Has Just Released The Long-Awaited Sequel To Their In-Flight Safety Card. How Many Of These Ways Have You Kissed Up To Your Boss?. 5 Makeup Tips So Good That If A New York City Rat Got Ahold Of Them It'd Be Able To Steal Your Husband. Gender Equality Win: Paramount Pictures Is Overlaying A Video Of A Woman At Half Opacity On All Its Movies For The Next Year. 5 Uplifting Hypotheticals Of What Could Happen To Banned Refugees You Can Use To Block Out What's Actually Going To Happen To Them. Find Out What Jennifer Aniston, Lenny Kravitz, And Marissa Mayer Have To Say.   
 Without A Trace: Here Are The 5 Greatest Unsolved Disappearances In History. Policy Guy: Paul Ryan Just Put Out A Comprehensive 14-Point Plan To Fully Debase Himself For The Trump Administration.  "Children Of La Quinta Come Home ": La Quinta Inn Is Offering Birthright To Anyone Conceived In One Of Their Hotels. Find Out What Eric Trump, Michio Kaku, And Jordan Spieth Have To Say. Keeping It Civil: 7 Polite And Constructive Ways To Talk To Your Conservative Relatives About Your Multicultural, God-Bashing Sex Robot. Bracing For Trump: With Funding Cuts Looming, NASA Is Shooting Dozens Of Employees Into Space And Will Figure Out What To Do With Them Later. A New Intimidation Tactic: Sean Spicer Is Wearing A Suit Three Sizes Too Small And Drinking Water From A Thimble To Make The Press Think He Is Growing.   
 7 Lessons About Internet Stardom We Can Learn From The Rise And Fall Of The Oats Genius. Find Out What Khloe Kardashian, Rachael Ray, And Francois Hollande Have To Say. Incompetent Leadership: Donald Trump's Body Doubles Only Have Arms And Heads. 6 Piping-Hot TV Show Ideas To Coax Dennis Franz Out Of Retirement. If This Video Doesn't Make You A Vegetarian, Nothing Will. Shots Fired: Spalding Just Warned Tropicana To Never Breed Oranges Even Close To The Size Of Basketballs. Find Out What Yo-Yo Ma, Lance Armstrong, And Noam Chomsky Have To Say.    Representation Win!  "Popeye " Is Being Honored For Its Honest Depiction Of Whatever's Going On With Popeye. 5 Explorers Who Saw The Americas Before Columbus But Turned Back Because Of A Dog Barking Along The Shore. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Clueless ". Find Out What James Cameron, Ken Burns, And Amy Adams Have To Say. How Many Of These Boasts Have You Made After Only 15 Minutes Of Ice Fishing?. Fitness FTW! This New Health App Shows You Pornography Every Time You Take A Picture Of A Vegetable. How Many Of These Regrets Do You Share With Jenna Elfman?.    Couples Describe Their Relationships Before And After Marriage. How Many Of These University-Level Courses About  "The Sopranos " Have You Taught?. New School Of Thought: Anthropologists Now Believe That Early Man Evolved Opposable Thumbs To Give Each Other Thumbs-Up. Find Out What Rihanna, Bear Grylls, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. This Incredible Comic Perfectly Captures What It Would Look Like If An Alligator Wore A Bow Tie. Keeping America Healthy: Mitch McConnell Is Pushing To Replace The Affordable Care Act With His Easy 20-Minute Ab-Blasting Bodyweight Workout. How Many Of These Wonderful Gun Memories Do You Have?.   
 True Hero: This Lawyer Will Work Pro Bono For Anyone Suing The Snow Globe Industry. Inclusivity Win? This Craft Supply Company Will Begin Making Asian Googly Eyes. Find Out What Martha Stewart, Reese Witherspoon, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. Playing Hardball: Donald Trump Is Having His Sons Pose Shirtless On A Barge To Lure The Women's March Into The Potomac. Staying Pure: Mike Pence Is Crushing His Testicles With The Lincoln Bible After Being Aroused By The Feminine Contours Of The Capitol Building. A Historic Milestone: Donald Trump Just Became The First President To Place His Entire Face On The Bible During The Oath Of Office. Find Out What Kristen Bell, Julius Peppers, And Paul Giamatti Have To Say.   
 A Noble Tradition: Read The Beautiful Note Barack Obama Burned Into The White House Lawn For Incoming President Trump. You Live In 3500 B.C.! Can You Become The First Human To Ride A Horse?. How Many of These Ways Did You Pay Your Dues Before Making It In The Adhesives Industry?. 6 Genius Wagon-Maintenance Hacks That Will Save You A Trip To The Wainwright. This Man Is Reunited With His Twin 30 Years After Being Separated. Find Out What Terrence Malick, Keri Russell, And Chris Hadfield Have To Say. A Historic Tradition: President Obama Has Been Added To The White House Portrait Of Every Former President Sitting Together In A Sauna.    Do You Have The Guts To Officiate My Heinous Dutch Wedding?. 5 Healing Herbal Teas That Will Have To Do Some Heavy Fucking Lifting If The Affordable Care Act Is Repealed. Latest Attack: Russian Hackers Have Gained Full Control Of The Lincoln Memorial's Legs. The Power Of Community: 6 People Own This Grapefruit. Find Out What Martin Scorsese, Julianne Moore, And Oprah Winfrey Have To Say. 6 Surprising Side Effects Of Marijuana Legalization. Leaving His Mark: Barack Obama Has Nailed One Of His Shoes To The White House Wall So That Nobody Will Forget Him.    Devastating: The World Wildlife Fund Just Announced That There Are Only Three White Rhinos Left And One Of Them Sucks. Find Out What Elon Musk, James Lipton, And Damien Chazelle Have To Say. There Is No Greater Joy Than Watching Women Forced To Experience The Miracle Of Birth. Honoring Our Heroes: Woman Gives A Biscuit To A Man She Believes Is A Firefighter. How Ready Are You To Become The Mailman Should Your Mailman Die?. Confusing: This Trump Supporter Is Using  "Bulzby " As An Insult, But It's Not Clear If That's A Widely Used  "Alt-Right " Term Or This Guy's Own Thing. Troubling Report: U.S. Intelligence Agencies Have Concluded That If Trump Were Secretly Controlled By Russia, It Would Be Sort Of Badass If You Think About It.   
 Your Move, Netflix: Hulu Just Secured The Exclusive Rights To Stream Helen Mirren's Death. 6 Ways To Tell you're The Problem In A Relationship. Find Out What Blake Lively, John Leguizamo, And Katie Ledecky Have To Say. Taking Precautions: Donald Trump Is Having The Teeth Of All Of His Cabinet Members Removed So They Cannot Bite Him. 5 Things About Modern Life That George Orwell Got Right. Find Out What Ariana Grande, David Blaine, And Shailene Woodley Have To Say. As The Editor Of  "Hefty Dog " Magazine, I Swear To Bring You Only The Most Accurate Information About Overweight Dogs In This Age Of Misinformation.   
 Yes! When An Internet Commenter Spewed Hate Speech, This User Shut Them Down By Telling About One Easy Pill That Helped Them Burn Fat And Gain New Muscle In Two Weeks. 7 Must-Own T-Shirts For Anyone With Sexually Active Parents. Powerful: This Is What The World Would Look Like If We Took All The Money We Spend Feeding Camels And Spent It Feeding Giraffes. Avoiding Conflicts Of Interest: Donald Trump Says That From Now On, If He Tries To Access Any Of His Businesses, A Chip In Mike Pence's Skull Will Detonate. A Huge Spike: Following The Trump-Russia Dossier,  "Golden Showers " Jumped From The Most Googled Term To Far And Away The Most Googled Term In America. Find Out What Julia Roberts, Kate Hudson, And Justin Bieber Have To Say. Doing Their Due Diligence: Millions Of Responsible BuzzFeed Readers Are Flying To Russia To Verify The Trump Dossier.   
 Eerie: This Compilation Proves That A Lone Seagull Has Been Following Obama Everywhere For Years. Troubling Sign: Donald Trump Is Shaking Hands With A Pig That Has "Corruption" Written On It And Is Holding A Bag That Reads "Kickbacks". Did You Hear Why They Fired Principal Jannusky?. 8 Laundry Hacks You Have To Start Using. Find Out What Alanis Morissette, David Attenborough, And Al Gore Have To Say. An Emotional Farewell: Barack Obama Is Halfway Through His 4-Hour Slideshow Of All The Jigsaw Puzzles He Completed As President. Critical Intervention: The U.N. Has Begun Conducting Emergency Airdrops Of Female Contraceptives Deep Inside The United States.   
 Yowch! Watch This Man Get Hit Right In The Balls. 5 Astonishing Things The Human Body Continues To Do After Death. I Wish The Avatars Were Yellow (By James Cameron). Find Out What Lola Kirke, Jane Levy, And Ray Liotta Have To Say. 7 Reasons To Quit Your Job And Travel The World, Maybe At Some Point Swinging Through Indonesia To Help Me Climb Out Of This Quarry. Heartwarming: When This Local Hooters Was About To Go Out Of Business, The Skeeviest Fucking Guys Imaginable Came Together To Save It. How Good Was Your Childhood Driveway?.    The Greatest Of All Time: A Statistical Portrait Of Babe Ruth. Find Out What Tim Curry, Channing Tatum, And Maggie Gyllenhaal Have To Say. How Many Of These Ways Did You Rebel As A Teenager?. Abstinence-Only Education Is As Doomed To Fail As The Robo-Chronotaur Built To Fight The Chronotaur In My Screenplay  "Chronotaur: Labyrinth Of Time ". Major Bombshell: J.K. Rowling Has Revealed Daniel Radcliffe Is Chinese. 6 Sexy Updos That, Full Disclosure, Will Slightly Increase Your Risk Of Being Snagged By A Helicopter Dangling A Hook On A Long Rope. Find Out What Patrick Stewart, Al Roker, And Larry Bird Have To Say.    It's 2:51 A.M. Can You Fall Asleep?. How Many Of These Prayers Have You Said For Van Morrison?. Enough Is Enough: We Won't Show You What Reese From  "Malcolm In The Middle " Looks Like Today Until Guantanamo Bay Is Closed For Good. Passing The Torch: Watch This Father Give His Daughter His Panini Before Walking Into The Forest Forever. Almost Inspiring: This Woman's First Post About Her Miscarriage Showed How Strong She Was, But Then Her Next 8 Posts Were Just Way Too Fucking Sad To Go Viral. Find Out What Felicity Jones, Mike McCarthy, And Anna Wintour Have To Say. One Day I Will Understand Basketball (By Jack Nicholson).   
 You Go, Girl! This Badass Bride Isn't Afraid To Show Off The Tattoos She Woke Up With In The Desert With No Idea Who She Is. Bittersweet Moment: Man Plays The NBC Jingle On The Grand Piano That Crushed His Son. How Many Of These Things Has Your Dentist Said As Small Talk While Cleaning Your Teeth?. This Stork Is Very Ugly, But It Seems Sick So Let's Go Wild For It Before It Dies. Find Out What Drew Scott, Alicia Keys, And Gregg Popovich Have To Say. How Many Of These Things Have You Let Your Chiropractor Get Away With In Case It Was Part Of The Treatment?. 7 Of The Least Depressing Rest Areas To Stop At While you're Driving To Another State To Get An Abortion.    Lending A Hand: Jennifer Aniston Smashed Her Car Into This Small-Town Diner To Help It Attract More Customers. 10 Things People With Curly Hair Are Sick Of Hearing. Inspiring If You Do Not Have Cantaloupe: This Man Has A Whole Shopping Cart Filled With Cantaloupe. Find Out What Neil deGrasse Tyson, Penn Jillette, And Bindi Irwin Have To Say. 7 Pictures Of The Liberty Bell That Will Hopefully Help You Feel Inspired About America In Some Broad Sense. Beautiful: Make-A-Wish Sent Chris Pratt To Meet An 8-Year-Old Fan Trapped In A Burning Building. Impressive: After Learning That A Counterfeit Handbag Was Made Within Its Borders, China Is Shutting Down All Industry Nationwide Until A Full Investigation Can Be Done.    Find Out What Cristiano Ronaldo, Caroline Kennedy, And Emma Watson Have To Say. How Many Of These Things Have You Shouted While Falling To Your Death At FAO Schwarz?. 6 Things That Happened At Every Sleepover Growing Up. Animal Rights Win! Boston Market Has Just Announced That It Has No Idea Where Its Rotisserie Chickens Come From. Spellbinding: We Asked Nature Photographers To Describe Their Most Memorable Shot. Find Out What Andrew Garfield, Frank Oz, And Amy Adams Have To Say. How Many Of These Ways Have You Ruined Christmas?.   
 This Church Choir's Rendition Of  "Christ Cometh To My House And Eats All Of My Food " Is Absolutely Stunning. Find Out What Dave Matthews, Emma Watson, And Bill O'Reilly Have To Say. Heartwarming: Chipotle Is Offering A $40 Gift Certificate To The Family Of Anyone Who Dies While Preventing A Chipotle Burrito From Getting Wet. Do You Have What It Takes To Teach Santa To Socialize With Other Adults?. Share This Video On Your Sister's Wall To Let Her Know you're Not Speaking To Her Anymore!. Find Out What Reba McEntire, Jeffrey Wright, And Dirk Nowitzki Have To Say. The 5 Things We Can Vaguely Remember About The 2016 Olympics.    The 5 Things We Can Vaguely Remember About The 2016 Olympics. 6 Drugstore Umbrellas That Don't Stand A Fucking Chance In 2017. 2016's Best Products For Making Jewelry For Wild Animals. 6 Things That Could've Turned Out Differently In 2016 If King Kong Were Real And On The Side Of The Common Man. The 5 Most Embarrassing Things Grave Robbers Did With Ronald Reagan's Body In 2016. 6 Awesome Viral Challenges From 2016 That Unfortunately Hastened The Extinction Of The American Bison. The 10 Most Monumental Scientific Discoveries Of 2016.    The 6 Saddest Golf Explosions Of 2016. The 6 People Who Saw A Hawk In 2016. Would You Make A Good Contestant On . , America's 2nd-Highest-Rated Owl Game Show?. These People Were At Woodstock in 1969, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Find Out What David Petraeus, Sarah McLachlan, And Jennifer Morrison Have To Say. Inclusivity Win: Chex Mix Has Announced That Their Little Circle Pretzels Look Like Wheelchair Wheels. Incredibly Kind: A Tab For An Animal-Shelter Volunteer Page Has Been Open On This Man's Browser For 6 Months.    Recycling Win! This Environmental Startup Takes Old Car Tires And Will Figure Out What To Do With Them Eventually. Finally Bought A Jackhammer? Don't Make These 6 Rookie Mistakes. 6 Things Only Morning People Will Understand. Find Out What Laurie Hernandez, Kirk Douglas, And Jill Stein Have To Say. 5 Times Chris Evans Proved That Even Famous People Will Try To Break Into Fort Knox If They Hear There's A Rotisserie Chicken Somewhere In The Vaults. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Is Recovering After A Giant Pencil Erased His Face. Justice Porn: Read The Note This Lady Left For The Jerk Who Parked His Car In A Handicap Bathroom Stall.    Justice Porn: Read The Note This Lady Left For The Jerk Who Parked His Car In A Handicap Bathroom Stall. Righting The Ship: The NFL Is Attempting To Attract More Viewers By Handing Out The Vince Lombardi Trophy After Every Play. Find Out What Bow Wow, Lisa Bonet, And Christopher Nolan Have To Say. How Many Of These Songs Have You Listened To To Get Pumped Up To Boil Some Water?. Walt Disney's Original Proposal For Disneyland Reveals How It Became The Happiest Place On Earth. Dating Hack: This New Tinder Feature Will Blow Up A Bridge So You Have Something To Talk About With Your Match. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Wizard Of Oz ".    Find Out What Dr. Ruth Westheimer, Tony Robbins, And Cate Blanchett Have To Say. Are You Enough Of A Tough Guy To Make Up For Your Adorably Long Eyelashes?. Foreign Policy Blunder: The CIA Just Disclosed Hundreds Of Intelligence Memos To The Chinese Government After Accidentally Selecting Its Printer. Ladies And Gentlemen, Please Log Off Your Computers, Draw Your Blinds, And Sit On The Floor, For It Is The Time Of Year The Radiator Can Be Smelt!!!. Modern-Day Mulan! Turns Out That Old, Sick Orangutan In The Garage Is A Lady Orangutan. Find Out What Faith Hill, Christian Bale, And Malcolm Gladwell Have To Say. A Piece Of History: The Treadmill That JFK Died Trying To Rollerblade On Is Coming To The Smithsonian.   
 We Asked 22 Survivors Of The 2010 Chilean Mine Disaster What's The Worst Mine Disaster They've Ever Experienced. Farewell To An Icon: Anna Wintour Is Being Dragged Off To The Woods By Deer. Makeup Tutorial: How To Have Just One Super-Good Eye. Find Out What Chris Wallace, Aretha Franklin, And Cameron Diaz Have To Say. 8 Things People Who Sweat A Lot Love To Hear. Can You Match The Shakespeare Quote With The English Teacher Who Insists On Explaining Why It's Sexual?. Find Out What Carly Fiorina, Elon Musk, And Steven Tyler Have To Say.   
 7 Celebrities Tell Us Their Favorite Memories Of Johnny Carson. I Would Like To Be In Another Movie Where I Get To Say  "I Have Nipples. Could You Milk Me? " (By Robert De Niro). Changing Strategies: Golden Grahams Is Rebranding Itself As A Cereal Exclusively For People Who Are Grieving. How Much Of A Romantic Are You?. Safety FTW! Johnson & Johnson Has Released An 8,000-Calorie Shampoo People Can Eat If They Get Trapped In The Shower. How The Hell Did He Swing That? This Kid's Hat Has His Fucking Name On It. Beautiful: These Students Leapt Into Action The Moment They Found Out Their Teacher's Hogs Needed A Good Stackin ".   
 Beautiful: These Students Leapt Into Action The Moment They Found Out Their Teacher's Hogs Needed A Good Stackin ". Find Out What Ed Asner, Aretha Franklin, And Paul Krugman Have To Say. Here Are Pixar's 7 Rules For Perfect Storytelling. 7 Pics Of A Pug Dressed As An Ewok That You Think Are Cute Because You Didn't Have To Listen To It Scream. Want To Leave Earth? Go Colonize Mars!. Customer Service FTW: When This Woman Complained On Twitter About Her Keurig Not Working, Keurig Beheaded Their CEO. Whoa: 1 Out Of 1,000 People Who Click On This Will Get Straight-Up Porn.   
 Leaving A Legacy: Barack Obama Just Became The First President Since Gerald Ford To Complete The White House Monster Burger Challenge. Absolutely Beautiful: When This Man Donated His Liver To A Sick Woman, She Repaid Him By Giving Him Her Kidneys, And In Appreciation He Gave Her His Heart, So She Returned The Favor By Giving Him Her Lungs. One Last Humiliation: The CIA Just Bungled An Attempt To Drop A Piano On Fidel Castro's Funeral Procession. The Necks Of Wealth: Here Are 7 Billionaires " Throats. Find Out What Alice Walton, Chris Rock, And Gloria Steinem Have To Say. Inspiring: Mothers Tell Their Daughters What They Wish They Had Known About Being A Woman. Play It Cool: Don't Scroll Down Now, But David Sedaris Is In This List Of Amazing Micro-Homes.   
    , Play It Cool: Don't Scroll Down Now, But David Sedaris Is In This List Of Amazing Micro-Homes. How Many Of These Euphemisms For Bread Do You Know?. Body Positivity Win: Dove Is Offering To Freeze Women Until A Time When Their Bodies Are Conventionally Attractive. This Car Crash Survivor Called Completing Physical Therapy Her Mount Everest As If She Has Any Fucking Idea What's That's Like. These Men Were At The Rumble In The Jungle, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Find Out What Stevie Wonder, Condoleezza Rice, And E.O. Wilson Have To Say. Fighting Back: Facebook Is Mailing Air Horns To All Of Its Users To Blow Whenever They See Fake News.    Inspiring: This Amazing Organization Gives Disgraced Former Politicians A Second Chance At Life By Setting Them Up With 6-Figure Consulting Gigs. 7 People Who Have Apparently Fucked Over This Tattooed Guy Having A Loud Phone Call In A Parking Garage. 5 Cars That Are More Expensive Because Al Capone Taught Elvis To Read Inside Of Them. Find Out What Dwayne Johnson, Scarlett Johansson, And Gene Hackman Have To Say. 6 Lies About Buckets You Can Tell Your Dumb Aunt This Thanksgiving. Please Do Not Let Funyuns Become The Official Chip Of The Alt-Right. Incredible: This Innovative CPR Dummy Comes With A Second Dummy That Audibly Mourns Its Dead Son.   
 Heartwarming: Chris Pratt Surprised This Terminally Ill  "Iron Man' Fan By Visiting Him Wearing Robert Downey Jr.'s Skin. Faith In Humanity Restored! After These Students Were Defrauded Out Of Their Life Savings, Donald Trump Helped By Giving Them $25 Million. Find Out What James Hetfield, Ralph Lauren, And Elizabeth Warren Have To Say. How Many Of These Old Wives " Tales Have You Heard?. Maddeningly Wasteful: The U.S. Navy Loses Over $45 Billion A Year To Submarines Sneaking Off With Whales And Living With Them Forever.  "The Door Noises Made Us Deaf ": An Oral History Of  "Star Trek ". Makeup Tutorial: How To Make A False Face To Fool Wolves In Less Than 30 Minutes.   
 Death With Dignity: Oregon Has Announced Plans To Provide Periscopes To People Sinking In Quicksand. Find Out What Edward Snowden, Kat Dennings, And Vanessa Williams Have To Say. Our Country Has Become Worryingly Desensitized To Violence In Hot-Sauce Names. After 55 Years Of Research, Jane Goodall Shares Her 6 Most Fascinating Discoveries About Chimpanzees. Heartwarming: This Super Dad Refuses To Leave The Casino Until He Wins His Daughter's Tuition Money Back. Find Out What Janet Yellen, Patrick Stewart, And Drake Have To Say. Total Choke: Employee Knocks Over Boiling Cauldron During The Most Important Board Meeting Of The Year.   
 Silver Lining: This Tornado Leveled A Veterinary Hospital But Successfully Neutered All The Animals Inside. Finding Common Ground: This White Man And This Muslim Woman Both Have  "Trump " Painted On Their Garages. Animal Welfare FTW! Oscar Mayer Now Requires Pork Producers To Give Their Pigs One Thrilling Sexual Experience Before Sending Them To Slaughter. How Many Of These Things Did You Google Immediately After Watching  "The Social Network "?. 6 Apple-Picking No-No's To Avoid If You Don't Want To End Up In The Punishment Orchard. How Many Of These Home Remedies For A Cold Have You Tried?. Find Out What Lupita Nyong "o, Daniel Day-Lewis, And Harrison Ford Have To Say.   
 This Slightly Misinformed Woman Is Buying Up As Much Deodorant As She Can For The Next Four Years. Incredible: Soldier Surprises His Family By Returning To Afghanistan During His Son's Football Game. 6 People Who Came To My Garage Sale Who Seem To Be Sticking Around For Dinner. Disgrace: The CEO Of Beans Has Stepped Down Amid Reports That There Can't Be A CEO Of Beans. Find Out What Miles Teller, Kelly Slater, And Meghan Markle Have To Say. First Steps: Donald Trump Has To Go Around The White House's Neighborhood Letting Residents Know He Is Moving In Down The Street. 5 Times Neil DeGrasse Tyson Threatened Someone With Halley's Comet.    So Sweet! Watch This 7-Year-Old's Reaction To Learning She's Going To Harry Potter World. Chaos: This Coffee Shop Is Also An Art Gallery. PR Disaster: The President Of Panasonic Has Been Forced To Resign After 60,000 Panasonic TVs Ascended To Heaven Without Warning. Find Out What Magnus Carlsen, Kate Hudson, And Tom Hanks Have To Say. A New Era: Donald Trump Just Whispered  "Hope You Like To Make Ham, Motherfucker " To A White House Chef. We Don't Know How To Take Down These Photoshops Of Bald Donald Trump, So We've Stretched His Face Out All Wide So Nobody Can Recognize It's Him. Animal Rights Win: The San Diego Zoo Has Taped Telescopes To All Of Their Animals " Heads So That They Can Look At The Planets.    Office Of The Future: Researchers Predict That Over 50 Percent Of Workplace Discrimination Will Be Automated By 2040. These People Watched The Moon Landing On Live TV, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Find Out What Oliver Platt, Alicia Keys, And Tim Cook Have To Say. Preparing For Change: This Woman Is Scrambling To Experience As Much Human Dignity As Possible Before The Trump Administration Takes Power. 9 Easy Things You Can Do Every Day To Boost Your ... Uh ... Cremtine. How Many Of These Unofficial Ping-Pong Rules Did Your Best Friend Insist On Using Growing Up?. Shaking Up Washington: Donald Trump Just Appointed A Cloaked Man As Secretary Of The Hook.    Find Out What Bindi Irwin, Moby, And Willie Geist Have To Say. When These Third-Graders Saw Their Classmate Didn't Have A Lunch, They Kept Feeding Him More And More Lunches Until He Clogged The Door And Got School Canceled. 6 Things That No One Tells You About Living Alone. If You Love Enamel Pins, You'll Love This Etsy Shop, And If You Don't Care About Enamel Pins, You'll Explode Over This Picture Of A Bulldog Puppy, And If That Doesn't Do It For You, You'll Lose Your Shit Over This Amazing-Looking Pizza, And If You Don't, We "ll Find Something For You. 9 Breathtaking Photos Of Nature With A Generous Helping Of Those Red-Assed Monkeys. Taking A Stand: Disney Will Add Donald Trump To Its Animatronic Hall Of Presidents, But It Will Be Able To Feel Pain. Find Out What Paula Hawkins, Sheryl Sandberg, And Neil Gaiman Have To Say.    If Donald Trump Pardons Me, I Would Be Honored To Serve As Secretary Of Agriculture. Beautiful: The CEO Of Firestone Tires Surprised A Sick Child In The Hospital And Showed Her Pictures Of The 2017 Tires Months Before Their Release. Inspiring: This Young Girl Still Gets To Dream Of Being The First Female President. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Apocalypse Now ". Acquire Frogs. You Shouldn't Have Made Fun Of My Exclamation Point. Shattering The Glass Ceiling: It Is Finally Acceptable For Women To Cry At Work.    Lucky Break: This Teen Boy Just Got Another 4 Years To Plan His Viral Coming-Out Video. Everyday Hero: This Woman Woke Up And Went To Work Today. Crowning Achievement: Donald Trump Has Just Accomplished His Lifelong Goal Of Kicking The Nation's Most Powerful Black Family Out Of Their House. Find Out What Denzel Washington, Meek Mill, And Kesha Have To Say. Election Night Disaster: John King Tapped His Electoral College Map Too Hard And Fell Headfirst Into A Digital Hellscape. Inspiring: When This Woman Was Feeling Too Lazy To Vote, Her Ovaries Burst Out Of Her Body And Dragged Her To The Polling Place. How Much Of A Political Junkie Are You?.    Powerful: This Woman Wasn't Born Before Women Could Vote, But She's Still Pretty Fucking Old. Possible Voter Suppression? Lots Of Laser Tag Places Are Still Open Today. Democracy Win: Volunteers Across The Country Are Oiling Up The Sidewalks To Help Voters Slide Uncontrollably To Their Polling Place. The Power Of Unity: This Trump Supporter And Clinton Supporter Held Each Other's Hair While Vomiting Out Of Election Anxiety. Makeup Tutorial: Make Your Hair A Problem For Richard Dreyfuss In TWO Minutes!. Find Out What Paul Krugman, Aretha Franklin, And Willie Nelson Have To Say. If you're Still An Undecided Voter After You Watch This Video, There's Something Seriously Wrong With You.   
 Stepping Up: When This Man's Brother Died, He Took It Upon Himself To Discourage His Niece's Art Career. Now It's Mustard's Time To Shine. Major Headache: The Blue Angels Got Trapped Inside A Costco, And No One Knows How To Get Them Back Outside. 6 Things That Happen In Every Jane Austen Story Ever. Find Out What Neil deGrasse Tyson, Miranda Lambert, And Hoda Kotb Have To Say. Do You Have What It Takes To Be Yoda's Live-In Caretaker?. 6 Pieces Of Meat I Have Seen, Held, And In One Case, Gone On Vacation With.   
 How Do You Stack Up? Here Is The Recruitment Puzzle General Mills Uses To Hire New Talent. 10 Steps To Rolling The Perfect Joint. We Need To Teach Our Sons That Being Convicted Of Rape Is Wrong. Missed Opportunity: President Obama Just Found Out That He Was Allowed To Sleep In The White House After Years Of Living In A Hotel Near The Reagan Airport. Find Out What Reba McEntire, Whoopi Goldberg, And Pope Francis Have To Say. A Somber Moment: Cubs Fans All Over The World Are Still Too Sad About Princess Diana To Celebrate The Cubs " World Series. Environmental Win! Poland Spring Is Fighting Plastic Waste With A Campaign Highlighting The Disgusting Flavor Of Its Bottled Water.   
 Career Goals FTW: 6 Tips For Asking The Man Whose Hand Is Currently On Your Knee For A Raise. 6 Sizzling Noises That Only  "90s Meat Eaters Will Understand. Devastating: Woman Eats Sandwich Out Of Bowl. Find Out What Mindy Kaling, Barack Obama, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. When This Middle School Introduced Meditation Into The School Day, Many Of Its Students Saw Incredible Benefits And Three Went Insane. 20 Ways They Truly Were  "The Greatest Generation ". Life Of Luxury: Elton John's 6 Favorite Shark Pictures To Stare At During Long, Transcontinental Flights.    Touching: After Her Brother Passed Away, This Woman Took Over His Facebook Page To Continue Sharing Islamophobic Rhetoric. Find Out What Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Adrian Grenier, And Bill Gates Have To Say. Beautiful: Listen To These Doctors Talk About The First Time They Learned About Stomachs. 7 Sausages The National Park Service Has Hidden Somewhere In Yellowstone For People To Find. Hope For The GOP: A Nude Paul Ryan Has Just Emerged From An Ayahuasca Tent With Visions Of A New Republican Party. 7 Incredible Animal Mating Rituals. Incredibly Selfish: The City Of Chicago Wants Its Baseball Team To Win The World Series Even Though It Already Has A Bunch Of Movie Theaters And A Zoo.   
 These People Were There When Kennedy Was Shot, And Their Stories Are Incredible. Got The Flu? Here's 6 Demands You Can Extract From Your Local Retirement Community With That Leverage. Find Out What Anthony Rizzo, James Franco, And Kacey Musgraves Have To Say. Just A Few Minor Formalities Before We Can Show You The Big Pumpkin. 6 Great Halloween Costume Ideas For Duos. How Haunted Is Your House?. Happy Halloween! Here Are 7 Thrilling Ways To Frighten Yourself Very Badly In Your Own Car.   
 5 Pictures For My Amateur Photography Class That Accidentally Captured Shots Of UFOs, But I Am Really Just Looking For Feedback On Composition Here. Find Out What Amy Adams, Khloe Kardashian, And J. Cole Have To Say. Fun, Easy Recipe For Black-Bean-Burger-Upon-A-Mountain. Diversity Win! Marvel Created A White Male Superhero Who Thinks It's Too Bad He Got Powers Instead Of A Latina Woman. 6 Ways To Know For Sure That What you're Drinking From Is Actually A Cup. Move Over, SoulCycle: This Spin Studio Motivates Its Students By Hooking Up Each Bike To A Sick Child's Life Support. 6 Tips For Throwing The Perfect Halloween Party That May Or May Not Apply, Depending On Your Group Of Friends And Their Preferences.    Find Out What Liam Neeson, Lorena Garcia, And Kyle Chandler Have To Say. 7 Steps You Should Take To Make Sure Your Experience With Psychedelics Is A Good One. 5 New Emojis Apple Created Specifically To Shame Me For The Time I Backed My Car Into The Public Swimming Pool. Great News For Ketchup: Political Scientists Say That The Outcome Of The Presidential Election Will In No Way Affect Ketchup. You Were Abducted By Aliens. Will Anyone Ever Believe You?. Terrifying: This Man Names All The Horror-Movie Villains That He Can Think Of. Find Out What Miley Cyrus, Alicia Vikander, And Zadie Smith Have To Say.    Debunked: The Photo Of Obama With A Speech Balloon Saying  "Islam Is My Main Thing " Has Been Proven To Be Doctored. 6 Robot Street Performers That Refused To Break Character For A Fucking Second And Tell Me If They Had Seen My Son. Doing Its Part: The NBA Is Housing Syrian Refugees On Whichever Half Of The Court Isn't Being Played On. Heroic: When This Man Saw A Suspicious Package On A Train, He Screamed And Screamed And Screamed. Find Out What Margot Robbie, Emma Stone, And Karl Ove Knausgaard Have To Say. Beautiful: Cobra Honors The Troops. Overconfidence? Hillary Clinton Has Already Started Hurling Trash Bags Full Of Her Clothes Over The White House Fence.   
 5 Photos Of Patrick Swayze Littering That We Feel Like We've Respectfully Withheld For Long Enough. If I'm Going To Be Allowed Back At The Frank Lloyd Wright Museum, Then It's Outrageous That We Can't Give Convicted Felons A Second Chance. 6 Classic Episodes Of  "Game Of Thrones " Where The Characters Mention That The Baby From  "Dinosaurs " Is In Prison Where He Belongs. Cinephiles Rejoice! Paramount Pictures Is Restoring The Sound Of Loose Change Jangling In Forrest Gump's Pockets While He Runs!. Find Out What Al Roker, Dwayne Johnson, And LeBron James Have To Say. Corporate Disaster: AT&T Has Called Off Its Upcoming Merger After Time Warner Failed To Disclose That One Of Its Employees Has Diarrhea. Trump's Campaign Eerily Reminds Me Of Hitler's Rise To Power, Which Eerily Reminds Me Of My Wonderful Trip To Berlin In 2004.    Environmental Win! This Couple Is Infertile. Disgusting: ISIS Has Announced That It Finds The St. Louis Arch Unimpressive And Has No Wish To Attack It. 6 Aliens That Quite Frankly Have No Shot Being Selected In The 2017 NBA Draft. Find Out What Robert Plant, Billy Bush, And Kristin Scott Thomas Have To Say. Can You Help Corroborate This Story That I Went To The Aquarium With Bruno Mars So My Daughter Will Respect Me?. Here Are 5 Normal Photos Of Tom Hardy To Tide You Over Until We Can Find One Where He Is Kissing An Alligator. Hot Hot Hollywood: Selena Gomez Has Gotten Inside Of A Subaru And Is Shuffling Cards While Listening To A CD Of Haunted-House Sound Effects.    7 Ways A Single Riled-Up Elk Could Completely Reshape This Election Before November. Find Out What Jennifer Lopez, J.K. Rowling, And Glenn Greenwald Have To Say. Damage Control: Mike Pence Has Said That, No Matter The Outcome Of The Election, He And Trump Will Continue Making Women's Lives Hell. you've Uploaded Your Consciousness Onto A 250 MB Hard Drive! Please Customize Your Perfect New Digital Life.. Major Bombshell: WikiLeaks Has Revealed That Tim Kaine Used Campaign Resources To Put Together A  "Survivor " Audition Tape. Ah, Fuck: These Waterfalls Are 100 Percent Beef. Can You Match The Person Who Claims They Were Abducted By Aliens With The Family That Left Them After They Devoted Their Lives To Proving It Really Happened?.    Eye Opening: This White Man Spends 45 Seconds Imagining What It Would Be Like To Be A Black Man In America. Find Out What Donald Glover, Joe Biden, And Alice Walton Have To Say. Keeping It Civil: Chris Wallace Has A Gun To His Head And Will Pull The Trigger If The Candidates Interrupt Each Other. Punching Back: Hillary Clinton Invited The  "Access Hollywood " Bus To Sit In The Front Row Of The Debate. How Far We've Come: These Vintage Cigarette Ads Could Never Have Run Today. Social Media Meltdown: When This Woman Bled Through Her Tampon, Kotex Called For Her Assassination. How Tolerant Are You?.    Heartbreaking: This Woman Sings  "Love In An Elevator " To Her Dying Mother Because It's The Only Song She Knows The Lyrics To. Find Out What Chelsea Clinton, Erin Burnett, And Edward Snowden Have To Say. Campaign Setback: Gary Johnson's Phone Is Almost Out Of Data. 5 Epic Celebrity Tantrums. 7 Things Only Chocolate Lovers Understand, But That I Have Learned By Studying Their Ways. Tragic: The Michael Jordan Of Whitewater Rafting Just Drowned In The Shaquille O "Neal Of Rivers. Science FTW: When This Man's Dog Took The Good Chair, He Used A Telescope To Shove It Off.    Find Out What Hillary Clinton, Tim Cook, And Tina Turner Have To Say. 7 Ways You Already Have The Perfect Body As Long As You Ignore The Lingerie Ads On This Post. You Go, Girl! When This Woman Noticed A Stranger On The Train Clearly Taking Pictures Of Her, She Silently Accepted That This Will Just Happen Now. A Teacher Asked Her Third-Graders To Write Letters To The President And They're Adorable. Well, This Is Awesome: The Internet Just Kickstarted A New Photo Of The Legendary Robert Redford. 8 Banner Ads For My Own Legs I Have Gotten This Week. Find Out What Ava DuVernay, George Lopez, And Abigail Van Buren Have To Say.    The 5 Worst Parts Of Being A Woman In A World Where Feet And Hands Are Switched. Score High Enough On This  "The Matrix " Quiz And We "ll Pass Your Info On To Joe Pantoliano. Hero: When This Man Heard That A Handful Of People Are Crushed Each Year From Vending Machines Tipping Over, He Decided To Hold Out For A Bigger Problem To Address. Find Out What Natalie Portman, Sergey Brin, And Nate Silver Have To Say. 7 Ways To Take Your Trash Bag Of White Bread To The Next Level. Feminism FTW! The Incredible Women Behind #ILookLikeAMarshPerson Are Turning The Table On Sexism In Swamps. I Don't Want My Cryogenically Frozen Daughter To Thaw Out In Trump's America.    Real Or Fake? This Man Eats A Taco Without Tilting His Head. Find Out What Gina Rodriguez, Megyn Kelly, And Bill O'Reilly Have To Say. Wow: When Someone Graffitied Hateful Messages On This Mosque, A Group Of House Painters Came Together To Cover It Up For Free. But Then The Next Night The Hateful Guy Came Back And Wrote Even Worse Stuff, And The Painters Are Booked Through The End Of The Year. So Now Some Well-Intentioned Teens Are Going To Try To Fix It, Which Is Very Nice, But They Probably Aren't Going To Do A Very Good Job And They Don't Have A Ladder.. Heartwarming: When Chris Evans Found Out This Fan Had Terminal Cancer, He Killed Himself So They Could Hang Out In Heaven. The Greatest Restaurant In The World: Discovering A New Era Of Food At Noma. How Many Of These Classic  "Rugrats " Episodes Have You Seen?. What A Memory! This Grandmother Names The Race Of Everyone She Saw At The Grocery Store.    Find Out What Ken Jennings, Giada de Laurentiis, And Michelle Obama Have To Say. 15 Facts About Pregnancy That Will Absolutely Blow Your Mind. Awesome: When This 8-Year-Old Girl Told J.K. Rowling That She Liked  "Harry Potter, " The Author Said  "Yeah, No Shit ". Fighting Gentrification: This White Family Refuses To Live In Any Neighborhood That Isn't 100% White. It's Sickening To Hear A Politician Like Trump Condone Sexual Assault Instead Of Just Making It Extremely Easy To Get Away With. Find Out What Mark Zuckerberg, Aidy Bryant, And Natasha Bedingfield Have To Say. Shameful: Man Finds Out The Time From A Clock He DOES NOT OWN.    What Men Say In Private Is For Men To Know And Women To Experience In Countless Terrifying Ways. Taking A Stand: The National Have Announced They Aren't Going To Play Their Songs Very Good Until HB2 Has Been Repealed. How Many Of These Ways Have You Tried To Surprise Your Mailman?. Snakes And Pelicans, Nature's Duet!. Find Out What Janet Yellen, Donald Trump, And Hugh Hefner Have To Say. Super Dad: When This Father Found Out His Daughter Was Being Teased For Her Weight, He Taught Her How To Really Go After Someone's Socioeconomic Status. 6 Of The Most Memorable Presidential Debate Performances Of All Time.    5 Other Traffic Jams Caused By The Infamous Tiananmen Square Dunce.  "It Doesn't Matter Now ": Now That Global Carbon Emissions Have Passed The Tipping Point, John Deere Is Unveiling Its 6.0-Liter, 800-Horsepower OmniBlast Leaf Blower. 5 Top Executives At Wells Fargo Whose Invitation To My Adult Circumcision Ceremony I Hereby Rescind. Find Out What Jill Stein, Jill Soloway, And Rudy Giuliani Have To Say. 6 Quick And Easy DIY Ways To Deprive Your Neighbor Of Sunlight Until He Is Translucent And Sick. Rectifying Past Mistakes:  "Forbes " Is Retroactively Adding Frank Langella To The 1964 30 Under 30. It's Time To Marry Rob.    This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Braveheart ". 7 Arguments Every Couple Has. Find Out What Meg Whitman, Peter Hanks, And Alexis Bledel Have To Say. This Plus-Size Model Was Inspiring. But Then She Lost 100 Pounds, Which Was ... Also Inspiring? Even Though She Was Already Perfect Before? But She Is Also Perfect Now?. Doing What's Right: If You Die Before Your Pizza Is Delivered, Domino's Will Deliver It To Your Next Of Kin.  "Stranger Things " Fans, Wean Yourself Off  "80s Nostalgia With Pictures Of These  "80s Microwaves. This Quiz Is Going To Call You A Cricket.   
 Incredible! This Man Is 75 Minutes Late For Work And Dreaming About Holding Someone's Hand!. Find Out What Jay Leno, Tamron Hall, And Ruth Bader Ginsburg Have To Say. Major Disaster: Did Mike Pence Just Blow The Debate When He Got Off His Horse To Go Feed Oats To Tim Kaine's Horse?. Bold New Strategy: If You Donate More Than $30 To The Clinton Campaign, Hillary Clinton Will Come To Your House And Bury Your Mattress In The Ground. Assorted Pastries Until The Pug Dressed As An Old Lady Arrives?. How Many Of These Patriotic Songs Have You Heard?. Two Years Ago, This Man Was 500 Pounds. Now He Is Two Men Who Weigh 250 Pounds..   
 Not A Good Sign: This Kid Hasn't Been Diagnosed With Anything Yet, But Chris Pratt Has Been Standing Outside Of His Room For 3 Days Straight. Find Out What Ryan Lochte, Elizabeth Warren, And Stockard Channing Have To Say. It Would Be Great If I Could Get A Little Bit Of That  "Avatar " Money. Inspiring: This Surf Instructor Gives A Free Lesson To Anyone Who Signs Up For 6 Lessons. Add Some Pink Ribbons To Turn This Massive Red Crab Migration Into The World's Largest Breast Cancer 5K!. Are You Hog Enough To Live With The Pigs?. The Only 3 People To Have Ever Died.    Find Out What Gaby Hoffmann, Nicole Richie, And Jon Favreau Have To Say. 7 Adorable Animal Duos That Are Friends With Each Other When They Could Have Been Friends With Me. Look, There Are Only So Many Female Scientists We Can Profile From Before 1950, So Here Are 7 Housewives That Went To College. Heartwarming! This Police Officer Wasn't Sure How To Reach Out To The Black Youth In His Community So He Put A Pumpkin In Front Of The Park Where They Hang Out Sometimes. Can You Do An Impression Of Tom Hardy?. How Many Of These Rhyming Couplets Have You Heard Your Plumber Whisper Into Your Shower Drain?. Find Out What Joy Behar, Eric Clapton, And Jordan Spieth Have To Say.    5 Child Celebrities Who, If You Have Just A Modicum Of Patience, Will Eventually Get Hot. How Many Of These Hotel Chains Have You Stayed At?. Do You Have What It Takes To Show The Ninja Turtles A Good Experience At Church?. Find Out What Nia Vardalos, Ben Affleck, And Nas Have To Say. Did You Place Into Advanced Math Or The Counting Shed?. I Want My Daughters To Know That They Can Grow Up To Pursue Any Career I Force Them Into. Everyday Hero: When This Couple Couldn't Conceive, A Woman With Absolutely No Other Financial Options Donated Her Eggs.   
 Find Out What Martha Stewart, Joan Baez, And Cam Newton Have To Say. Americans And Guzmer Try British Candy For The First Time. Medical Breakthrough: Scientists Put A Human Brain In A Frog And The Frog Died, But Not Before It Said The Word  "Moses ". One For The Underdogs: This Small, Community-Run Bank Just Foreclosed On Its First House. What Are We Looking At Here? Apricots?. The 7 Places You Can Vomit In The Jungle. Amazing! Venus Fly Trap Eats A $5 Bill.   
 6 Things Every Grocery Store Cashier Knows To Be True. Find Out What Aaron Eckhart, C.C.H. Pounder, And Dr. Phil Have To Say. Major Third-Party Victory: Jill Stein And Gary Johnson Have Been Selected As Podiums For Tonight's Debate. Honoring A Legend: The PGA Has Placed Arnold Palmer's Body In A Golf Cart That Will Drive Around Augusta National Golf Club Forever. More Controversy: Donald Trump Reportedly Used Money From His Own Charity To Buy His Voice Back From An Ancient, Blind Hag. 7 Pictures Of Strong, Gorgeous Zuckerberg That Strong, Gorgeous Zuckerberg Will Maybe Promote On Facebook For Traffic, Yes?. Good To Know: Taylor Swift Just Made It Painstakingly Clear That She Would Never Date Dave Franco, Nor Would She Ever Have Any Interest In Meeting Him, Nor Would She Feel Any Sadness If She Heard He Died.   
 For Good Measure: NASA Just Discovered Earth In Case They Had Forgotten To Officially Do That Yet. Find Out What Kristen Bell, Noam Chomsky, And Elizabeth Banks Have To Say. It's Heartbreaking To See An Innocent Black Man Killed By Police Before He Even Gets To Experience The Full Range Of Horrors In The American Justice System. 5 Times The Animatronic Fox On Splash Mountain Addressed Me By Name And Told Me He Was Going To Marry My Dad. 9 People Who Look Exactly Like Their Pets. We Asked 22 Doctors How Long They Think John Krasinski Will Live. Find Out What Aretha Franklin, J.K. Rowling, And Alexandra Daddario Have To Say.   
 Can You Tell When Someone's Lying?. Come Watch The First-Ever Online Television!. Inspiring: This Mom Dressed Her Hostage Up As Powerful Women Throughout History. Body Positivity Win! Chanel Has Found The Body Of A Plus-Size Model Floating In One Of Its Perfume Vats. Making Things Right: When This Baby Orca Washed Ashore, A Group Of Courageous Bystanders Offered The Sea An Equivalently Sized Bison. Find Out What Chloe Grace Moretz, Eddie Vedder, And Donald Trump Have To Say. Inventing The Future: The New MacBook Shoots A Blast Of Hot Wind Into Your Face To Keep Moths Away From Your Eyes.    Mom Of The Year: When This Woman Learned Her Son Was Getting Made Fun Of At School, She Banished Him To A Mountain So His Bullies Couldn't Find Him. In The Interest Of Angelina And Brad's Privacy, Here Are 7 Photos Of Me At The Bank. 7 Puffins With Minimal Interruption From The National Council On Pediatric Dentistry. Ruthless Pursuit: The CIA Just Hired H.S. Calhoun And The Rattlesnake Posse To Deliver Snowden To Them Hog-Tied!. Find Out What Jessica Alba, Sheryl Crow, And Clint Eastwood Have To Say. Before The Ink Dries: 5 Schemes The Jolie-Pitt Children Could Still Pull To Get Their Parents Back Together. How Many Of These Slogans For Dryers Have You Heard?.    5 Clips Of Me Stumbling Over My Wedding Vows I Wish My Nephew Hadn't Sampled For His Electronic EP. 6 Consecutive Obituaries For My Wife I Had To Ask To Be Retracted Because They Kept Saying "She Is Survived By A Beloved Clam". Progress: This Prison Will Replace Solitary Confinement With A Bountiful Fig Tree Just Maddeningly Out Of Reach. 6 Silent Chores You Can Do Upstairs While Your Son And His Mean Friends Hang Out. Find Out What Carrie Underwood, Stephen A. Smith, And Lena Dunham Have To Say. I Have Learned That I Am Tom Hanks. 3 Jennifer Anistons, 2 Kim Kardashians, 4 (FOUR!!!) Michelle Rodriguezes, And Very Sorry But Only 1 Kristen Bell.   
 Say, Does Your City Need Catacombs?. Everyday Hero: When This Pregnant Woman Couldn't Find A Seat On A Train, This Man Decided To Stand On His In Solidarity. Security Breach: Edward Snowden's Robot Has Been Ramming Into The White House Front Door For 3 Hours Straight. Find Out What Vin Scully, Danielle Steel, And Kiefer Sutherland Have To Say. I Haven't Brushed My Teeth Since I Got To Russia (By Edward Snowden). 5 Tips For Writing The Perfect Personal Statement For Grad School. Scientific Setback: A Group Of Wild Pigs Keeps Digging Up The Hadron Collider.   
 Playing It Safe: Nate Silver Will Spend The Next Month Making Easy Predictions About Apples In Order To Get His Confidence Back. Entering The Fray: Gary Johnson Just Said His Name Over A Safeway Intercom. Find Out What Antonio Banderas, Aaron Rodgers, And Katie Holmes Have To Say. Turkish Forces Have Just Seized Control Of ISIS " Caliphate Adventure Theme Park. A Historic Find: Archaeologists Have Discovered The Tomb That Both Genghis Khan And Miles Davis Are Buried In. 8 Hacks For Eliminating Clutter. Find Out What Eiza Gonzalez, Miles Teller, And Kenny Loggins Have To Say.    Things I'm Tired Of Hearing People Say Directly To My Sunburn. 5 Confessions I Thought I Could Confide In My Priest Until He Published Them On MyDumbassParishioners.blogspot.com. The Ultimate Fan: This Woman Spent $200,000 On Plastic Surgery In Order To Look Like Beyonce's Head. Human Rights Win! Congress Just Passed A Law That Allows Men To Use Their Ponytails To Brush Dead Bees Off Of Their Windowsills. Campaign Setback: The Vice Presidential Debate And Tim Kaine's Final Showcase For His Puppeteering Class Are Both Tonight. Society Isn't Perfect, But you've Got To Admit, We've Made It Pretty Easy To Buy Gum. Inspiring: This Man Loves Drying His Hands, And He Doesn't Care Who In the Elevator Knows It.    Fall From Grace: The President Of The American Institute Of Architects Has Resigned After Admitting He Is An Undercover Cop Who Infiltrated The Wrong Organization. Look, By Now We've All Seen Pictures Of Mountain Goats On Incredibly Steep Inclines So Don't Complain When These 6 Photos Don't Blow You Away. Even If He Didn't Say Them, Please Match These Classic Movie Quotes To Jason Statham Because He's Had A Rough Day. Executive Overreach: President Obama Was Caught Using The Bathroom Reserved For JFK If He Ever Comes Back To Life. Heartwarming: When This Man Ran Out Of Matches, He Stuck His Cigar Through His Mail Slot And A Kind Stranger Lit It For Him. Find Out What Stephen Hawking, Annie Leibovitz, And Colin Powell Have To Say. Dispelling Health Concerns: Hillary Clinton Ripped Out Her Femur On Stage And Proved It Is Unbreakable.   
 Dispelling Health Concerns: Hillary Clinton Ripped Out Her Femur On Stage And Proved It Is Unbreakable. 9 Feminist Values I Managed To Wring Out Of  "Street Sharks ". Trans People Like Me Aren't Used To Seeing Ourselves On TV, So It Means A Lot That I've Started Showing Up In Old  "Cheers " Episodes. Did You Have A Good Time On Jeff And Christine's Hot Tub Scuba Adventure?. Absolutely Beautiful: Watch This Woman Tell Her Husband She's Pregnant While Conan O "Brien Pours Good Milk Down The Sink. Find Out What Kevin O "Leary, John McEnroe, And Shonda Rhimes Have To Say. This Election Is Too Important For Me To Keep Pretending I Know What Ballots Are.    Power Play: Tim Cook Just Installed The Only iPhone 7 Headphone Jack Into His Abdomen. Major Disaster: Thousands Of Smoke Detectors Are Being Recalled Because They Don't Know The Word For Fire. Making His Own Way: This College Student Refuses To Let His Parents Pay For Anything Outside Of Tuition, Rent, And Food. Find Out What Louis Farrakhan, Bob Uecker, And Rosanna Arquette Have To Say. 7 Of My Most Prized T-Shirts That No Longer Make Sense If Mother Teresa Is A Saint. Innovating For Good: This Sanitation Company Will Pick Up Your Bottles And Melt Them Down Into Glass Blobs For The Homeless. So Cool! Obama Just Invited The Kids From  "Stranger Things " To Join The Army.    You Are Robot Boy! Can You Save Japan From Monsters?. 7 Complaints From Parents That Teachers Are Tired Of Hearing. Find Out What Cameron Diaz, Maggie Smith, And Tom Brady Have To Say. Beautiful: This Cartoon Imagines A World Without Racism Or Shovels. Feel The Rush: Give Your Brain An Adrenaline Jolt By Imagining These Scarecrows Riding These Motorcycles Out Of These Jaw-Droppingly Beautiful Caves. Are?. Look Away, Bernie Voters. These Photoshops Of Bernie Sanders In The White House Will Be Too Painful..    Amazing: This Man Didn't Get A Good Look At His Friend's Vacation Photo, But He Still Acts Impressed. Find Out What Sandra Bullock, Ann Coulter, And Ernest Moniz Have To Say. Remembering A Legend: Los Angeles Police Have Issued An Honorary AMBER Alert For Gene Wilder. This Is An Internet Article About How Arnold From  "Hey Arnold! " Would Be A Republican And There's Nothing You Can Do To Stop Me. Silencing Dissent: Donald Trump Just Threw An Elderly Version Of Himself Out Of His Rally For Shouting  "Beware Hubris! ". How Addicted To Facebook Are You?. Having A Baby Girl? Post This Video On Your Facebook Wall To Reveal Her Gender To Your Friends And Family.    Find Out What Vince Vaughn, Jena Malone, And Portia de Rossi Have To Say. Gone, But Not Forgotten: This 17-Year-Old Was Tragically Killed In A Car Accident, So His High School Started A Scholarship Fund For Students That Look Like Him. 7 Steamy Pictures Of Jonathan Taylor Thomas That Will Make Your Pants Drop To The Floor So Hard You Have To Get Your Kitchen Retiled. If you're In A Big Rush, All You Need To Know Is Some Guy Set Up A GoFundMe. Why I've Decided To Take A Gap Year Before Joining ISIS. Truly Shameful: Texas History Books Now Only Devote One Sentence To The Life Of Martin Short. Find Out What Bill Gates, Ted Danson, And Adele Have To Say.    Colin Kaepernick Is Free To Sit During The National Anthem, But When I Play My Maddening Fiddle He Will Dance Until He Dies. Making A Pivot: Donald Trump Won't Rule Out Granting Citizenship To The Moaning Children's Faces Growing On His Back. Political Crisis: Antonin Scalia's Vacant Supreme Court Seat Has Become A Hookup Spot For Local Teens. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Shawshank Redemption ". Find Out What Alexandra Daddario, Dr. Dre, And Blac Chyna Have To Say. Be Polite: Slide A Coaster Under These Toads. Big Talk: Trump Just Announced He's The Only Person Who Can Stop The Vines That Strangle Him In His Reflection.   
 Feminism In Action: This Man Loves Women So Much He Lives In A Compound With 17 Of Them. 5 Rare Songbirds That Might Appear In My Yard If My Bastard Neighbor Ever Stops Chugging Their Feeders Dry. Watch This Woman's Powerful Reaction After Being Given More Eyebrows. Find Out What Ennio Morricone, Courteney Cox, And Frank Oz Have To Say. Sensitivity Win! Jif Is Rolling Out Empty Jars Of Peanut Butter For Children Who Are Allergic But Still Want The Jars. Humble Hero: Meet The Secret Service Agent Responsible For Specifically Protecting President Obama's Legs. Real-Life Sherlock: This Man Spent 20 Minutes Scrolling Through Facebook Posts Trying To Figure Out If His Friend's Mom Died.    Major Scandal: MIT Scientists Were Forced To Behead An Android After It Fell In Love With The Garbage It Was Built To Eat. True Hero: When This Guy Saw A Dog Locked In A Hot Car, He Leapt Into Action. Find Out What Megyn Kelly, Chrissy Teigen, And Mike Pence Have To Say. How Much Do You Give A Fuck About The Difference Between Dugongs And Manatees?. Once We Can Recognize That All Bodies Are Beautiful, We "ll Be Able To Appreciate Super-Hot Bodies Even More. Giving Back: Eddie Murphy Is Donating His  "Nutty Professor " Fat Suits To Burn Victims To Give Them A Second Chance At Life. Given Your History With String Quartets, Are You Sure You Want One At Your Wedding?.    This Revolutionary New Dating App Is Matching People Who Want To Look At Fingers With People Who Want To Touch Eyes. Find Out What Steve Wozniak, Meryl Streep, And Hugh Grant Have To Say. Staying Strong: Hillary Clinton Has Made It Another Day Without Giving In To The Tempting Call Of The Sea. Does Your Kid Have What It Takes To Star In My Butter Commercial?. Another Unforced Error: Top Republicans Are Furious After Trump Bought A Rumbling Trunk From An Old Shop In Budapest. Incredibly Moving: Alicia Keys Found Out A Kid Has Been Bullied In School. Find Out What Barbara Walters, Ken Griffey Jr., And Sammy Hagar Have To Say.    Stepping Up To The Plate: Crayola Has Announced That All Of Its Markers Will Now Inject You With Epinephrine. Have Your Voice Heard! Use The Sliders To Write #BlueLivesMatter In The Comments Section Of An Online Recipe For Baked Alaska. How Many Of These McDonald's Slogans Do You Remember?. Awesome: Someone Made A Supercut Of Every  "Whoops " From  "Mild Father Drops His Groceries In Parking Lot, " And It's Perfect. Find Out What Sergey Brin, Kat Dennings, And James Woods Have To Say. Campaign Setback: Tim Kaine Is Participating In A Mall Sweepstakes And Has To Keep One Hand On A Jeep Wrangler For The Next Three Days. 9 Types Of Bug Collectors You Meet Within Your First 2 Minutes Of College.    Anyone Who Thinks Homosexuality Is Unnatural Clearly Hasn't Watched My Neighbors Really Go At It. In The Interest Of Full Transparency, Here Are The 7 Emails I Sent To Hillary Clinton About My Sick Horse. Find Out What Channing Tatum, Kristen Stewart, And Justin Vernon Have To Say. Deeply Moving: This Man Eats One Ruffle For Each Person Who Died On Kilimanjaro This Year. Campaign Shake-up: Donald Trump Has Fired The Man In Charge Of Explaining What Donald Trump Is To Gorillas. Can Your Exhaustive Knowledge Of Fallopian Tubes Convincingly Cover Your Ignorance Of The Rest Of The Human Body?. Making A Difference: Meet The Man Who Is Working To Reform Prisons So They're Nicer When He Finally Murders His Boss.   
 Find Out What Dave Grohl, Sam Elliott, And Doris Day Have To Say. Cashing In: Michael Phelps Is Releasing An Album With Sounds Of Him Swimming Around In The Pool. Public Transit FTW: New York City Is Now Offering Passengers Souvenir Photos Of Their Bus Ride. Finally! Kotex Is Designing A Tampon For Young Boys To Drop Into The Toilet And Watch Explode. 6 Things Only Coffee Addicts And The Almighty Lord Understand. Find Out What Melinda Gates, Liam Neeson, And Dame Judi Dench Have To Say. Give Me Kiss.   
 While I Love The Band Rush, I Worry That Neil Peart's Need For Drumsticks Has In Some Way Contributed To Deforestation. 6 Mistakes First-Time Homeowners Make. 5 Of My Father's Funerals Where He Turned Out To Be Alive And In Attendance, And 2 Funerals Where He Was Actually Dead. Shameful: Rawlings Raised The Price Of Catcher's Mitts By 3,000 Percent In The Aftermath Of The Louisiana Floodings. Find Out What Leonardo DiCaprio, Ann M. Martin, And Reince Priebus Have To Say. you're Usain Bolt. Can You Win Gold In Rio And Catch The Olympic Strangler?. Safety First: To Avoid Rio's Polluted Waters, Olympic Triathletes Will Mime The Swimming Portion On Dry Land.   
 Adorable: Barron Trump Dressed Mike Pence Up Like His Favorite Toy Soldier And Brought Him Down To Supper. Heartwarming: This Town Built A Returning Veteran His Very Own Bus Shelter. Appalling: This Disturbing Cell Phone Footage Captures Frat Brothers Mercilessly Berating A Very Old Rabbit. Find Out What Trace Adkins, Adriana Lima, And Tilda Swinton Have To Say. True Sportsmanship: This Olympic Track Athlete Let His Competitors Know Every Time A Hurdle Was Coming Up So No One Would Trip. Olympic Setback: Usain Bolt's Skeleton Sprinted Out Of His Skin In The Middle Of A Race And Disappeared Screaming Into The Rainforest. Sexism In Rio: The Media's Only Talking About The Achievements Of Female Olympians In Comparison To Alfredo The Incredible Circus Boy.    Hillary's Attack Dog! Elizabeth Warren Has Infiltrated Trump Tower By Disguising Herself As A Bellhop. Heartwrenching: This Video Game Shows What It's Like To Be An Immigrant In America. Find Out What Carrie Preston, Neil Gaiman, And Bill Clinton Have To Say. Hubris: This Cocky Runner Thought She Was Going To Win The Olympic Marathon, So She Ran The Entire Race With Her Arms In The Air. Once You Make It Through These Pictures Of Roman Coins It's Fair Enough To Tell People You Went To A Museum. Infuriating: Man Licks Cone Instead Of Ice Cream. Incredible: When She Passed A Couple Trapped In Their Flipped Car, Dakota Fanning Squatted Down And Watched Them.   
 Body Positivity Win! It Seems Like No One Cares What Anyone's Palms Look Like. Find Out What Natalie Merchant, Winona Ryder, And Jodie Foster Have To Say. This 98-Year-Old Never Dreamed She Would Be Able To Vote For A Woman To Be President. Now She Will, As Long As She's Not Too Busy.. 5 Heaping Dollops Of Mama's Famous Greens To Make You Strong So You Can Fuck. 6 Conversations Every Parent Needs To Have With Their Teenager. 6 Unlikely Animal Friendships That Are Never Gonna Fucking Happen, No Matter How Much You Want Them To. Find Out What Jim Lovell, Carrie Underwood, And Bernie Sanders Have To Say.   
 Debt Paid: Authorities Are Releasing Dzhokhar Tsarnaev From Prison After He Caught A Pesky Mouse That Had Been Vexing The Warden. Almost There! Michael Phelps Is Close To Having Enough Gold Medals To Redeem Them For A Free Bike [UPDATED]. We Asked 22 FBI Agents About The Biggest Plate Of Crab Legs They Ever Had To Eat To Establish Their Cover. How Many Of These Gary Paulsen Novels Have You Read?. Find Out What Katie Ledecky, Michael Phelps, And Ryan Lochte Have To Say. Wasteful: The Amount Of Gymnasts Being Used In Rio's Olympics Could Feed A Psychopath For 3 Weeks. Pleasure This Fern.   
 Olympic Dreams Dashed: This Woman Could Have Trained Her Whole Life To Get Really Good At Gymnastics But She Didn't. Major Setback: The U.S. Removed 5 Swimmers From Its Olympic Team Who Were Running In A Pool Area. Amazing! This Guy Is Able To Think About Work No Matter What He's Doing. Find Out What Jennifer Grey, Krysten Ritter, And Angela Bassett Have To Say. Changing The Game: Ryan Lochte Drastically Reduced His 200-Meter Time By Becoming As Long As The Pool. Powerful: Watch These Two Strangers Agree To Never Murder Each Other. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City.   
 Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City. Mr. Circle Goes To Shape City.    These C-Section Scars Are Beautiful, But If you're Not Really Feeling Up To Opening Your Mind, Use The Sliders To Remove Them. Find Out What Margot Robbie, Allison Janney, And Drake Have To Say. 6 Classic Summertime Lawyers. Heartwarming: When This Single Mom Said She Couldn't Go To Rio To Watch Her Son Compete, The U.S. Found An Open Spot For Her On Its Rugby Team. A New Era: The Jim Henson Company Is Making Big Bird's Fingers 15 Times Longer So That He Can Point At Children From Farther Away. Every Time You Jump Into The Deep End To Save My Drowning Daughter you're Actively Criticizing My Parenting. Yes: Someone Mashed Up  "Panda " With  "The Milkman's Anthem, " And It's Everything.   
 Find Out What Hope Solo, Neil deGrasse Tyson, And Jill Stein Have To Say. How Long Would You Last In A Horror Movie?. A Commitment To Safety: Garmin GPS Systems Will Now Reroute Cars To Avoid Wasps. Inspiring! This Little Girl Saw Hillary Clinton Get The Nomination And Decided She Wanted To Be Tim Kaine's Boss One Day Too. Find Out What Usain Bolt, Claire Danes, And Clint Eastwood Have To Say. Rio Medal Tracker. Whatever It Takes: High-Stakes Cheating In Olympic Dressage.   
 Going For Gold: How Simone Biles Trains For The Olympics. The Isle Of Four Security Guards. Don't Get Fooled: 7 Tricks Realtors Use To Sell Houses. Close Call: This Fucking Snitch Saved Dozens Of Lives By Reporting A Subway Passenger's Suspicious Behavior. 5 Airbnb Hosts Tell Us Their Rental Horror Stories. Find Out What Maya Rudolph, Lupita Nyong "o, And Constance Wu Have To Say. So Cool: This Chart Visualizes Every Timeline In  "Back To The Future ".   
 Our Bad: These Pictures Of Kristen Wiig Got Corrupted But The File Names Mostly Explain What's Happening. You Switched Bodies With Your Mom. Can You Learn A Little Something About Each Other?. A New Era: Sun-Maid Raisins Has Announced That The Girl On Its Box Will Begin Aging!. Get Ready To Feel Goosebumps: Here Is The Epic New Olympic Anthem. Find Out What Chelsea Clinton, Brie Larson, And Alex Trebek Have To Say. Bagels, For Dessert!. Fair Enough: Organic Valley Just Cashed In On 30 Years Of Anti-Animal Cruelty Goodwill By Heaving A Live Calf Into A Jet Engine.    It Is Critically Important That You Vote In This Election, Even If You Just Write In The Name Of Your Favorite Actor (By Tom Hanks). These Women Were At The Beatles " First Performance In America And Their Stories Are Amazing. Find Out What Bob Dylan, Malcolm Gladwell, And Malia Obama Have To Say. 6 Guests Who Have Severely Disappointed Our Expectations To Liven Up This BBQ. Making Amends: Jared Fogle Is Atoning For His Crimes By Mailing Letters To Children Telling Them He Never Wants To See Them Naked. How Many Of These  "Star Trek " Episodes Have You Seen?. Out Of Control: The Pentagon Just Allocated $500 Million For 5,000 More Shotgun Guys.    Devastating: These Women Attempt To Shake Hands, But Are Too Far Away. Find Out What Meredith Vieira, Jack Nicholson, And Hillary Clinton Have To Say. 9 Times Pixar Movies Made Us Cry Like Babies. Progress FTW! After Barring Jewish Members For Over 150 Years, This Charleston Country Club Has Switched To Renewable Energy. I Support Affirmative Action, But If A Lifeguard Ever Has To Rescue Multiple People He Should Go In Alphabetical Order. This Story About A Gorilla Mothering Some Kittens Will Be Heartwarming Once She Stops Trying To Bury Them. Find Out What Barbara Walters, Dave Grohl, And Kat Dennings Have To Say.    How Can We Expect To Combat Climate Change When We Can't Even Pry A Hefty Dunce Like Me Out Of A Tire Swing. How Many Of These Philip K. Dick Novels Have You Read?. An Incredible Tribute: The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Has Just Inducted Dead Prince To Honor His Passing. Find Out What Margot Robbie, Martin Scorsese, And Paul Rudd Have To Say. DNC Disaster: Hillary's Re-Entry Stamp Got Washed Off And Now She Can't Get Back In. A Unified Party: Hillary And Bernie Pinned A Rabid Coyote Between Their Two Cars. Can You Match The Elderly Dad To The Thing He Won't Have The Energy To Do With His Kid?.    Can You Defeat The Chess Computer?. Gaming Safety FTW: The Pokemon In Pokemon Go Will Now Scream When A Player Is Within A Mile Of A Registered Sex Offender. Find Out What Tara Reid, Kristen Bell, And Elon Musk Have To Say. Stick To These 7 Acceptable Phrases To Say At The Funeral Of A Person Who Died During A Mild Thunderstorm. Believe It: Phyllis Is In The Wagon. 8 Heartbreaking Photos Of Syrian War Refugees, Also, Sorry, We Do Not Know How To Stop This Steel Drum Music From Auto-Playing. Regardless Of Your Views On The 2016 Election, Here Are 6 Reasons Why Now Would Be A Bad Time For Reince Priebus To Get A Dog.    Find Out What Nick Denton, Eva Green, And Helen Hunt Have To Say. How To Win An Online Argument. How Many Of These Mary-Kate And Ashley Movies Have You Seen?. Body Positivity Fail: These Before And After Photos Clearly Show That Magazines Have Been Airbrushing Kate Upton's Confederate Flag Birthmark For Years. Awful: Bus Doesn't Stop To Help After Woman Spills Entire Box Of Pens. Find Out What James Cameron, Annie Clark, And Ellen DeGeneres Have To Say. 6 Emails That Prove The DNC Was Working Against Sanders And Might Also Be Trying To Catch A Mermaid.    6 Emails That Prove The DNC Was Working Against Sanders And Might Also Be Trying To Catch A Mermaid. Inclusivity Win: SpaceX Has Successfully Launched A Handicap-Accessible Ramp Into Orbit. Finally! A Bathroom Lock That Lets People Know Whether you're Actually Using The Bathroom Or Just Need A Fucking Minute. I Spent 5 Months Hiking The Appalachian Trail Alone And I Learned 2 Things About Trees. Find Out What Jay Z, Eric Trump, And Carly Fiorina Have To Say. Please Do Not Dip Into This Reserve Of Vin Diesel Pictures Unless It Is An Absolute Emergency. Pokemon Go Is Completely Changing The Reasons Why I Go To The River At Night.   
 Find Out What Kristen Stewart, Elton John, And John McCain Have To Say. Can You Tell If These Are Omens Or Just Regular Circles Of Mules?. Possible Major Victory: A Top ISIS Commander Or Richard Karn Was Killed In A Drone Strike. Too Little, Too Late: Roger Ailes Has Put Up Signs Denouncing Sexual Harassment In The Town Hall Of His Miniature Train Set. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Blade Runner ". Find Out What Jared Leto, Meryl Streep, And Stephen Curry Have To Say. Inefficient: This Man Is Using Two Lit Torches In Broad Daylight.   
 If People Think There's A Quick Fix To Illegal Immigration They're As Misguided As The Scientists In My Screenplay  "Chronotaur: Labyrinth Of Time ". Heartwarming: Chris Pratt Showed Up In Costume To This Condemned Fan's Execution. How Many Of These Vague Facts About World War II Do You Remember?. Beautiful: Shy Man Hiding Small Finds The Courage To Reveal Himself. Find Out What Ted Nugent, Bob Vila, And Amy Adams Have To Say. You Go, Girl! When This Woman's Husband Left Her For A Younger Woman, She Lost 80 Pounds And Killed Them Both. 8 Signs you're About To Get Fired.    You Should Know Upfront This "Which  "Walking Dead " Character Are You?" Quiz Gets Extremely Personal. Find Out What Jillian Michaels, Dwayne Johnson, And Eric Clapton Have To Say. I'm A Muslim, But I'm A Lutheran First. Can You Match The Shelter Dog To The Reason It Was Returned?. How Many Of These  "Schoolhouse Rock! " Songs Do You Remember?. 6 Highly Influential People Describe Their Fathers. 6 Quiet Activities Your Children Can Do At The Cemetery While you're Fantasizing About Your Dream Grave.    Find Out What Sally Field, Pusha T, And Tomi Lahren Have To Say. These People Took Self-Portraits Before And After Angering The Bishop, And The Results Are Incredible. How I Overcame All My Fears About Life By Consolidating Them Into One Intense Fear Of Being Sucked Into A Treadmill. Too Big For Their Britches: 6 Nobel Laureates Who Can't Even Spare 12 Hours Of Their Time To Hear Out My Ideas For Improving The Microwave. Find Out What Emily Blunt, Megyn Kelly, And Gabrielle Union Have To Say. It's Summer! Time To Go Camping With Your Dad And His Friends!. Game Changer! This New Portable Breathalyzer Tells You When you're Drunk Enough For A Cigarette!.   
 Equality FTW: Another Panel Is Being Added To All 23,000  "Beetle Bailey " Comic Strips Where Beetle Proudly Announces He's Bisexual. Absolutely Adorable: Watch This Man Wake Up His Son At 3 A.M. To Explain What Ronin Samurai Are. Find Out What Gwyneth Paltrow, LeBron James, And Pat Sajak Have To Say. The Fact That An Explosive Robot Was Used To Kill The Dallas Shooter Raises Disturbing Concerns About The Fucking Rad Militarization Of The Police. Progress: Mattel Is Giving Barbie A Hawk's Beak In Order To Make Up For Unattainable Body Proportions. Women Describe What It's Like Giving Birth. It's 4:17 In The Morning, And You Know What That Means: It Is Time For 3 Pictures Of Colin Firth!.   
 Find Out What Marissa Mayer, Demi Lovato, And Howard Dean Have To Say. I'm Privileged To Live In A Suburban Neighborhood With Virtually No Crime, But If Someone Does Commit A Crime Here, It'll Probably Be A Super Fucked-Up One. 8 Reasons Why Drake Shouldn't Marry A Blood Relative. Put Your Mind At Ease: 8 Mosquitoes That For Sure Don't Have Zika. Eeep! The Rats In New York City Are Getting WAY Too Brave. Find Out What Kate Winslet, Rihanna, And Charlize Theron Have To Say. If Black Lives Matter Isn't A Racist Hate Group, Then Can Someone Please Explain To Me Why I Keep Insisting They Are?.   
 Devastating: This Guy Knows Exactly How Black People Should Act Around Police Officers, But He Has No Black Friends To Tell About It. Find Out What Nigel Farage, Diane Keaton, And Jay Leno Have To Say. What Might Have Been: This Is The Park Bench Heath Ledger Could Have Sat On If He Were Still Alive Today. Body Positivity Win: This 14-Year-Old Boy Would Have Sex With Absolutely Anyone. This Video Of Bunnies Hopping Around On The American Flag Is Meant To Be Cute, Not Disrespectful. End Of An Era: The Blue Whale That Hangs From The Ceiling Of The Museum Of Natural History Has Died. 6 Places To Find Food.   
 Find Out What Malcolm Gladwell, Margot Robbie, And Toni Morrison Have To Say. 6 Underfunded Schools That Will Eventually Be Captivating Urban Decay Landscapes. A Career Cut Short: The Weeknd Is Retiring From Music After Losing His Microphone. You Have To Check Out Edison's Earliest Designs For The Light Bulb. This Pleasant Footage Of Macarons Is Only Intended For Presbyterian Viewers. Shove Some Culture Into Your Trash Brain With This Interactive Virtual Tour Of The Louvre!. Find Out What Mark Wahlberg, Jennifer Egan, And Fiona Apple Have To Say.    How Many Of These Beach Memories Do You Have?. 7 Bargain Family Vacations You Won't Have To Feel Guilty Fighting Throughout. Security Failure: President Obama Has Been Sitting Alone In The Kansas City International Airport For The Past 4 Days. Heartbreaking: Fisherman Struggles To Pronounce  "Christ ". Find Out What Sylvester Stallone, Jordan Spieth, And Venus Williams Have To Say. Inspiring: This Progressive Bully Torments Transgender Students Using Their Preferred Pronoun. 7 Handy Mnemonic Devices For Remembering That Humans Usually Don't Need To Worry About Getting Caught In Spiderwebs.   
 First Lady FTW: Thousands Of Children Who Participated In Michelle Obama's Fitness Initiatives Are Now Uncontrollably Strong. Amazing: This Man Agreed To Be In His Friend's Flash Mob Proposal, Even Though It's For The Girl He's Secretly In Love With. Find Out What Pat Sajak, Drake, And Elizabeth Warren Have To Say. How Many Of These Ways Have You Tried To Make Someone Stop Burglarizing Your House?. 7 Easy, Delicious Vegetarian Meals That Thomas Jefferson And Neil Armstrong Make Together In Hell. Chilling: ISIS Just Revealed That They've Acquired A Dunk Tank. A Beautiful Tribute: The Eiffel Tower Is Lit Up Green In Anticipation Of An Irish Tragedy.   
 Find Out What Will Shortz, Uzo Aduba, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. Feel Free To Explain Your Take On Brexit To This Picture Of David Duchovny Listening Intently. Incredible: This Restaurant Is One Of The Ones Where You Can Throw Peanut Shells On The Floor. How Many Of These Articles Has Your Mom Sent You?. Heartbreakingly Beautiful: When This Book Lover Died, His Amazing Friends Buried Him In James Joyce's Grave. Find Out What Emilia Clarke, Joe Biden, And Queen Latifah Have To Say. You Are The Cannibal Lobster-Man Of New England. Can You Become The Governor Of Maine?.   
 6 Frustrations Anyone Who's Ever Planned A Wedding Will Understand. 7 Times Robert De Niro Said Something That Made It Seem Like He Sleeps In A Sleeping Bag Instead Of A Bed. This Adorable Footage Of Baby Sea Turtles Climbing Towards The Water Is Unfortunately Owned By Kiefer Sutherland. Work Hack: How To Let Your Boss Know That You Are All Full Up On Pork Meat. Find Out What Lady Gaga, Gloria Steinem, And Amy Schumer Have To Say. Amazing: Here's What The Average Member Of Simon And Garfunkel Looks Like. Scandal, Maybe? Anonymous Just Released The Names Of All The People Who Worked At Kohl's In 2003.    David Copperfield, Please Don't Use The Sliders To Make These Cruise Ships Disappear!. The Future Of Gun Safety? This Company Developed A Gun That Is Too Slippery To Hold. Incredible: Man Puts On Sunscreen To Drink Stolen Wine. Find Out What Barack Obama, Zosia Mamet, And Guy Fieri Have To Say. 9 Things Women Who Don't Want Kids Are Tired Of Hearing. An Oval Office Tradition: Here Is The Letter Of Advice That President Reagan Left Behind In The White House For Bush. Is Your Child A Prodigy?.   
 Here's Why I Wasn't Wrong To Assume That The Wandering Peacocks At The Zoo Were Up For Grabs. Justice Porn: Watch This Man Get Revenge On The Wall Street Banker Who Cheated Him Out Of His Retirement Savings. Find Out What Gwen Stefani, Jeff Goldblum, And Grace Jones Have To Say. These Sikhs Exude Dignity And Poise, But They Need To Get Out Of My Headshots. Do Not Take This Quiz Lightly, For You Alone Determine Which  "Hey Arnold! " Character All Of Mankind Is. Body Image Win! Thesaurus.com Just Added  "300 Pounds And Counting " As A Synonym For  "Beautiful ". A Bold Strategy: Heinz Just Rolled Out A New Ad Campaign Proudly Claiming Its Ketchup Makes You Blind.   
 My Mother Is The Strongest Person I Know, But She's Powerless At Sea. Find Out What Meryl Streep, John Cena, And Heather Graham Have To Say. How Many Of These Lullabies Did Your Parents Sing To You?. How Many Of These After-School Programs Did You Participate In?. 5 Of My Son's Friends Who Are Not Leaving This Sleepover Without Saying Thank You. Heartwarming: This Man Promised There Wouldn't Be Any Trouble If These Ladies Handed Over Their Purses. Find Out What Don DeLillo, Elizabeth Holmes, And Mark Zuckerberg Have To Say.   
 How Many Of These Summer Jobs Have You Had?. Justice Served! This 98-Year-Old Former Auschwitz Guard Was Captured After Being Spotted Hosting  "Access Hollywood ". How Many Of These Harper Lee Novels Have You Read?. Watch This Pilot Realize He Forgot To Land The Plane. Can You Find A Summer Romance?. Find Out What Larry Page, Serena Williams, And Daddy Yankee Have To Say. Inspiring: This Man Lost 150 Pounds To Run In The New York City Marathon And Then Gained It Back In Time For Cannonball Season.    Would A Horse Think Highly Of You?. Can You Match The Scout Badge To The Reason It Was Revoked From Me?. Man's Best Friend: This Amazing Dog Detected A Tumor In His Owner's Pancreas And Immediately Ripped It Out. It's Beautiful. And It's All For Her.. Find Out What Kyrie Irving, Bill Pullman, And Helen Mirren Have To Say. 11 Times The Washcloth Brothers Were So Hot You Almost Forgot How To Breathe. This Spot-On Video Absolutely Nails The Republican Debates.    Test Your Memory With This Memory Test!. Environmental Disaster: The Vatican Has Announced That Only 3 Black Rhinos Remain In St. Peter's Basilica. Find Out What Steve Kerr, Evangeline Lilly, And Mae Whitman Have To Say. Enough Is Enough. It's Time For Our Politicians To Ask The NRA For Permission To Enact Modest Gun Control Measures.. 6 Convoluted Ways Of Thinking About The Orlando Shooting If you'd Prefer Not To Acknowledge It As An Anti-Gay Hate Crime. 7 Kids Who Need To Shut The Fuck Up About Fossils Already. How Many Of These Publicity Stunts Have You Pulled For The Graveyard?.   
 Hollywood Screenwriters Share Their Best Writing Tips. Find Out What Elon Musk, Julianne Moore, And Gina Rodriguez Have To Say. 5 Socially Groundbreaking Moments Of Classic Sitcoms That Forever Changed Television. Your Period Is A Day Late. Are You Pregnant?. The Future Of Driving: Tesla Just Unveiled A Car That Automatically Apologizes When It Hits Someone. Even If You Haven't Seen The Show, you're Gonna Have A Good Time On This "Which  "Gilmore Girls " Character Are You?" Quiz. Find Out What Lena Dunham, Janel Moloney, And Martin Scorsese Have To Say.   
 Dream Come True: This  "Sherlock " Fan Got The Surprise Of A Lifetime When Benedict Cumberbatch Left An Autographed Coyote Carcass On Her Lawn. Sorry, Feminists, But If Discrimination Against Men Doesn't Exist, Then How Come Eagles Keep Grabbing Me By My Penis And Pulling Me Into The Sky?. A New Royal Wedding! Queen Elizabeth Will Marry Her Diving Instructor Later This Summer. Still Think Print Is Dead? This Woman's Home Contains Over 25,000 Newspapers!. Find Out What Corinne Bailey Rae, Jack Nicholson, And Carrie Coon Have To Say. 6 Breathtaking Images Of Outer Space That Put Into Perspective Just How Small, Insignificant, And Pitiful Your Dad Is. Can You Match The Hollywood Superstar To The Email They Sent Me After I Shouted My Email Address At Them On The Street?.   
 Party's Over, Wiseass: Change The Dildos In These Cops " Hands Back To Guns. Disrespectful: Man Covers Up The American Flag With His Own Flag. Finally:  "The Milkman's Anthem " Music Video Is Here. 8 Characters I Created To Teach My Kid About Dental Hygiene That Have Unfortunately Come To Life. Find Out What Kate Beckinsale, Dr. Ben Carson, And Flea Have To Say. Quick-Thinking Hero: When This Family Drove Off The Road And Into A Lake, God Lifted Their Car From The Water And Placed It On Land. 6 Times Ryan Gosling Was So Sexy It Didn't Even Matter He Was Hunting Horses.    Doing His Part: When This Man Found A Severed Leg On The Beach, He Started Using It To Point People In The Direction Of The Public Library. Lessons From A Master: Check Out Gregg Popovich's 5 Basketball Tips For Young Players. Find Out What Maria Sharapova, Sophie Turner, And Jimmy Carter Have To Say. How Many Of These HGTV Shows Have You Seen?. Fucking Weird: This Couple Has 8 Children And They Aren't Even Religious Or Anything. 7 Things No One Tells You About Having Your First Child. Find Out What Christopher Plummer, Lynda Carter, And Danny Cooksey Have To Say.    Best Pope Ever! Pope Francis Is Allowing Catholics To Eat 2 Communion Wafers At A Time If They Believe Jesus Was A Conjoined Twin. Beautiful: Israelis And Palestinians Join The Same Google Doc. 5 Ways We Can Make Football Safer For Children And 3 Ways We Can Make It Much More Dangerous. Only The Pure Of Heart May See Our Picture Of Muscular Tommy Pickles. Find Out What Wynonna Judd, Larry Bird, And Ed Asner Have To Say. Before Deciding What Our School's Transgender Locker Room Policy Will Be, We Really Need To Get That Bat Out Of There. How Many Of These Polite Tattoos Have You Gotten After Years Of Consideration?.   
 Awesome: They're Releasing A Version Of  "The Graduate " With An Arrow Pointing To Dustin Hoffman At All Times. How Many Of These Dog Breeds Do You Know?. Supercut Of Every Time Oprah Said  "The Vultures Are Waiting To Pick Your Bones " On Her Show. Find Out What Roger Federer, Paula Patton, And Christian Bale Have To Say. I Would Love To Get Reparations, But African Americans Should Get Them First. Incredible! This Man Sat In Something Wet And Didn't Know What To Do So He Just Stayed. 9 Reasons Why  "90s Girls Didn't Feel Any Particular Sexual Attraction To Zordon.    Heartwarming: This Incredible Superdad Has Won Child Custody From Every Divorce In His County. Find Out What Olivia Newton-John, Michelle Obama, And Matt Damon Have To Say. 6 Presidents Who Permanently Changed The Office. Diplomatic Disaster: Japan Just Found Out The U.S. Was Behind The 1945 Atomic Bombings. How Many Of These ESPN Shows Have You Seen?. How Handy Are You?. Find Out What Giada De Laurentiis, Ryan Gosling, And Chance The Rapper Have To Say.    you're 8 Years Old. Can You Acquire Wine Without Getting Arrested?. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind ". If You Want To Match These Celebrity Eyebrows To Their Owners, That's Up To You. Find Out What Ta-Nehisi Coates, Donald Trump, And Carly Fiorina Have To Say. 9 Easy Little Things Men Can Do To Make Themselves More Attractive To Women. Finally! Gina Has Managed To Catch Herself A Man!. An Oral History Of The 1998 Major League Baseball Home Run Chase.    Beautiful: Watch This Woman Use A Raw Steak To Bang Out The Word  "Equality " In Morse Code On The Hood Of Her Car. 8 Photos Of Fat Emma Stone That I Have Brought To You From My Dimension At Great Personal Cost. If You Can View This List Of Pangolins Without Fantasizing About Eating One ...Welcome To The Priesthood!. Finally: Kotex Announced That It Will Begin Manufacturing A Tampon Designed For Women. Find Out What Lupita Nyong "o, Laura Bush, And Elizabeth Olsen Have To Say. An American Myth: Jerry Siegel And Joe Shuster's Original Notes For Superman Are A Must-Read. Look Away, Christians: It Is The Devil.    Progress: The USDA Is Adding Rosa Parks To The Food Pyramid. Heartwarming: Despite Working 70 Hours A Week, This Amazing Dad Makes It To Every One Of His Son's Little League Baseball Games To Take A Few At-Bats. This Stunning Footage Of A Distant Oyster Exchange Will Blow You Away. Find Out What Jodie Foster, Megyn Kelly, And Amber Rose Have To Say. Awesome! The New Roomba Will Embalm You If You Die Alone In Your Apartment. There Are Thousands Of Photos Of Zac Efron On The Internet But Perhaps Today We Can Find Ourselves Satisfied With These 8. Inspiring: Meet The Principal Who Agreed To Jump Off The School Building If His Students Read 10,000 Pages By June.    Doubling Down: Governor Pat McCrory Has Spent The Past 6 Weeks In The North Carolina Sewers Separating Male And Female Urine. Feminism In Action! Justin Trudeau Just Completed A 3-Week Fast In Honor Of The Vagina. Find Out What John Green, Susan Sarandon, And Josh Dallas Have To Say. 7 Things All Law School Students Know To Be True. 9 Stress-Relieving Mantras For People Trapped In A Wine Cask. How Many Of These Classic BBC Series Have You Seen?. Find Out What Stephen Curry, Whoopi Goldberg, And Daniel Dennett Have To Say.    6 Things Every Runner Knows To Be True. 6 Words Of Encouragement That Helped Me Stop Bringing My Own Chair On The Bus. No Way! A Conga Line Of Just Bennys? And Who's The Caboose?. Find Out What Alicia Vikander, Alex Trebek, And Lindsey Vonn Have To Say. you're Marco Polo On The Route To China. Can You Get Your Hands On Some Cinnamon?. It Turns Out Enough Of You Have Googled  "Pikachu Breastfeeding Barack Obama " For This To Be An Economically Viable List To Publish. Please Do Not Take This  "Game Of Thrones " Quiz Until We Figure Out How To Get It To Stop Constantly Saying You Are Bran.    This Father's Reaction To His Son Coming Out Is Perfect. Doing His Part: This Man Even Recycles Regular Trash. The Incredible Stories Of All 3 Times Bill Gates Has Eaten A Hot Dog. Find Out What Courteney Cox, Michael Jordan, And John Stamos Have To Say. Better Safe Than Sorry: Use The Slider To Find Out Whether Or Not These Men Have Mustaches. Known Dorks. Touching: When A Pair Of Siblings Wanted To Be Adopted Together, This Couple Found A Kid With A Less Complicated Deal.   
 Incredible! The Guinness World Record Holder For Largest Natural Breasts And Longest Fingernails Has Also Just Become The World's Oldest Woman!. Car Horn Broken? Use This Video Of A Man Telling Cars To Move Out Of The Way. Find Out What Ellen DeGeneres, Elizabeth Warren, And J.K. Simmons Have To Say. Incredible Opportunity: Dr Pepper Is Offering Free Dr Pepper For Life To Anyone Who Can Find Its CEO. How Many Of These  "Ninja Turtles " Episodes Did You Watch As A Kid?. Can You Match The Elementary School Teacher To The Thing That Will Make Her Wonder Why She Even Does This?. Inspiring: This Working-Class Philadelphia Teenager Just Became The First In His Family To Go To Hell.   
 Watch This Amazing Supercut Of People Getting Mad At Their Snacks For Not Being Good Enough. Find Out What John Kerry, Michelle Obama, And Erin Brockovich Have To Say. 9 Actors Who Got Their Start Saving Steven Spielberg From Drowning At The Public Pool. How Many Of These Nicholas Sparks Books Have You Read?. How Many Of These Garage Fantasies Have Come True For You?. Find Out What Kelly Ripa, Usain Bolt, And Drake Have To Say. Watch The Joy In This Woman's Face When A Kind Stranger Gives A Different Woman A Cactus.   
 6 Myths About Female Sexuality That We Need To Stop Spreading In The Middle Of This Active Hostage Situation. Can You Survive Seeing  "Grease " On Broadway?. 7 Things I Lifted With My Adrenaline Rush Instead Of The Car That Was Crushing My Son. Find Out What Jada Pinkett Smith, Padma Lakshmi, And Mario Batali Have To Say. 6 Breathtaking Places To Keep A Blu-Ray Disc Of  "Hidalgo ". Incredible! Scientists Have Generated The First Body Type That Everyone Can Ridicule Without Guilt. Draw The Curtains On These Street Urchins Peering In At Our Roast Goose Supper.   
 This Woman Had Such A Clever Phrase Written On Her Graduation Cap, She Still Wears It Every Day 5 Years Later. My Parents Spanked Me When I Was Young And It Turned Me Into An Ambitious, Successful Businessman Who Regularly Goes To The Woods To Get Spanked By A Man In A Bird Mask. Find Out What Atul Gawande, Katie Holmes, And Steve Vai Have To Say. Heartwarming: When Their Boss Started Chemo, He Made Them All Shave Their Heads In Solidarity. Why, O Why Did The Wise Ape Leave Us?. Case Closed! Anyone Who Saw  "The Perks Of Being A Wallflower " In Theaters Can Now Get Their Passport Back From Homeland Security. 7 Laundromats Where My Picture Is Displayed Prominently Behind The Counter, Ranked By How Bad It Is That My Picture Is Up There.    Beautiful Tribute: Man Places A Bag Of Apples At His Boss's Friend's Grave. Find Out What Anthony Bourdain, Priscilla Chan, And Paul Bettany Have To Say. Please Confirm You Are Over 18 To See This Video Of Men Shaving. Ever Since My Wife Died I Haven't Been Able To Go Hogwild About Anything. If George Clooney Ever Says Something Racist, Use The Sliders To Turn This List Of 7 Reasons He Is The Perfect Movie Star Into 7 Reasons Why He Needs To Crawl Into The Ocean And Die. Leveling The Playing Field: Congress Just Passed A Sweeping Antitrust Bill To Break Up America's Biggest Podcast Networks. Find Out What Chris Hadfield, Kyle Chandler, And Tiffani Thiessen Have To Say.   
 6 New Types Of Trays I Had To Invent To Accommodate All Of The Snacks And Beverages I Wanted To Bring Into The Living Room. These Hedgehogs Are Fine, But Might We Suggest Some Hedgehogs For The More Discerning Visitor?. How Many Of These Ways Have You Severely Injured Your Hand?. How Many Of These Ways Have You Hinted To Your Neighbors That They Should Open Up Their Pool?. Find Out What Krist Novoselic, Robert De Niro, And Zoe Saldana Have To Say. 6 Things Everyone Who Took Piano Lessons Knows To Be True. Thirtysomethings Remember The First Time They Ever Played  "Mario ".    Proceed With Caution: These 7 Reasons Why Pizza Is The Perfect Breakfast Have Not Gone Through Our Vetting Process. These Letters Between C.S. Lewis And J.R.R. Tolkien Shed Light On One Of The Greatest Literary Friendships Of All Time. 7 Awesome DIY Projects I Have Built Out Of The Things My Children Have Thrown At My Head. you're At Dinner With Your Friends Don Draper And Roger Sterling. Can You Eat The Most Oysters?. Find Out What Sofia Coppola, Peter Higgs, And R.L. Stine Have To Say. These Trophy Hunters Aren't So Bad When They're Kneeling Next To A Rolled-Up Rug. Seduce Your Lover With This Lover's Broth.    An Oral History Of  "Titanic ". Find Out What Elon Musk, Andy Serkis, And Pat Sajak Have To Say. Beautiful: When This Couple Found A Starving Baby Deer In Their Yard, They Nursed It Back To Health Until It Was Plump Enough To Eat. Corporate Disaster: A Rotting Swordfish Was Just Found In The Underground Spring Where Dean's Gets Its Milk. Cream Of The Crop: Here Is Truly A Rare Selection Of Choice Hedgehogs. The 7 Most Grueling Challenges Of Navy SEAL Hell Week. 8 Pics Of Latte Art That Will Absolutely Blow The Mind Of A Dullard.   
 7 Amoebas I Would Absolutely Invite Into My Brain. Hot Hot Hollywood: Leonardo DiCaprio Has Put On His Corduroy Pants And He Is Walking To The Public Library To Read The Bible. Find Out What Zadie Smith, Timothy Geithner, And LeAnn Rimes Have To Say. Beautiful: Man Stands 5 Feet Away From The Salad Bar While Browsing. Find Out Your Dragon Name As Long As It Isn't Rugarth Because That One Is Mine. Manufacturing Disaster: General Motors Is Recalling 16,000 Vehicles That Had An Old Woman Yelling In The Passenger Seat. 14 Tennis Balls And You'll Never Guess Which One Is Mine.    Awesome: Delta Is Adding A Button That Lets The Pilot Know You Want The Plane To Go Faster. Find Out What Draymond Green, Deepak Chopra, And Iggy Azalea Have To Say. 6 Episodes Of TV You Have To See Before You Donate Your Eyes To Me As You Said You Would. How Many Of These Common Misconceptions Do You Have About Judges?. Here's Why 6 Of The World's Greatest Paintings Are So Famous. The Future Is Now: Google Has Confirmed That Its Computer Is Big. Grandparents, Your Hands Are Amazing, But You Need To Start Offering Solutions On How To Defeat ISIS.    Find Out What Elodie Yung, Bear Grylls, And Matthew Perry Have To Say. Incredible: Charles Schulz's Recently Discovered Journals Reveal The Fascinating Backstory Behind  "Peanuts ". you've Discovered An Interdimensional Wormhole! Can You Find A Parallel Universe Where It's Okay To Take Your Shirt Off At The Library?. I Have Returned From The Grocery Store And Strongly Believe Facebook Needs Background Music. Bold Innovation: Nathan's Developed A Hot Dog That Weighs 90 Pounds In Order To Prevent Theft. Pretty Good, Considering: This Guy Sinks 3 Out Of 10 Threes After Being Told His Parents Are Separating. Find Out What Blake Shelton, Shemar Moore, And Kim Fields Have To Say.   
 Life When Your Nickname Is Sandstorm Jake Versus Life When Your Legal Name Is Sandstorm Jake. 13 Great Ideas That Were Shot Down When My Doctor Told Me I Don't Get To Have Input In My Appendectomy. Heartwarming: Ben & Jerry's Is Offering Syrian Refugees A Free Cone If They Saw A War Crime. How Much Do You Know About President ...Taft?. Doing Her Part: This Woman Threw A Life Jacket Into A Lake Just In Case Someone Needs It. Find Out What Eric Clapton, Kate Hudson, And Lori Greiner Have To Say. Incredible: This Man Lets His Departing Roommate Take All The Pans Even Though He's Pretty Sure One Of The Pans Is His.    I Can't Protect My Son From Everything, But If I Lock Him In The Svalbard Global Seed Vault I've Narrowed The Threat Down To Just Seeds. Here Comes Dolores With Her New Hat, And She Looks Good As Hell!. 9 Things People Who Love Tennis But Hate When The Players Hit The Ball Will Understand. How Many Of These Slang Terms For Milk Did Your Family Use?. Find Out What Peter Buck, Lucy Lawless, And Dabney Coleman Have To Say. An Open Letter To Best Buy: Please Stop Using The Video Of Me Getting My Head Caught In A Screen Door As The Demo Video In Your TV Section. Safe Space: This Support Group Allows Parents To Meet Up And Draw Unflattering Portraits Of Their Children.    The Original McDonald's Employee Training Manual Is A Must-Read. You Tell Me Space Facts, I'll Show You Echidnas. Deal?. 6 Times My Microwave Was Sitting On Its High Horse And Refused To Heat Up My Snacks. Find Out What Stephen Curry, Gloria Steinem, And Joel Osteen Have To Say. How Many Of These Beverly Cleary Books Have You Read?. Here Is The News. Find Out What Heidi Cruz, Michio Kaku, And Martin Amis Have To Say.    6 Ways Tom Petty Needs To Step His Shit Up Now That Prince Is Gone. 8 Local Crossing Guards I've Got Wrapped Around My Little Finger. Incredible: This Is The Speech FDR Would Have Given If The Japanese Hadn't Bombed Pearl Harbor. A Time For Second Chances: Anyone With A Criminal Record Is Welcome To Look At These Photos Of Bradley Cooper. Finally: They're Replacing The Tornado Siren With A Ballad Called  "No One Can Outrun The Wind ". Welcome To Murderfull Manor! Survive To Live ...If You Dare!. Find Out What Lauren Ambrose, Condoleezza Rice, And Steve Ells Have To Say.    Twitter Roundup: The 10 Best Tweets From People Who Gathered To Watch As I Tumbled Down The Hillside Yesterday. 6 Grave-Related Actions I'd Hardly Call  "Desecration ". Find Out What Gregg Popovich, Laverne Cox, And Zoe Saldana Have To Say. Heartbreaking: Man Drops All His Gift Cards In Urinal. Awesome: 5 Critically Adored TV Showrunners Describe Their Ideal Viewer. 7 Psychological Life Hacks You Can Use In Everyday Situations. Incredibly Thoughtful: This Woman Posts A Tribute To Jon Voight Whenever She Goes On Vacation Just In Case He Dies.   
 Are You Mommy's Little Sweetheart Or Daddy's Marvelous Lamb Man?. Science FTW! According To NASA, All The Planets Will Be Bumping Together Tonight For The First Time In Over 30 Years. Simple Method For Turning Sandwich Into Bribe For Corrupt Doctor. Find Out What Maria Sharapova, J.K. Simmons, And Jake Gyllenhaal Have To Say. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Got Chased By A Lovestruck Loch Ness Monster After Green Paint Spilled On Him. No Coincidence: 9 Months After Fuck Day, The First Wave Of  "Fuck Day Babies " Are Here. 7 Beautiful Poems In Honor Of The Noble Barber.    When This Family's House Burned Down, Their Community Came Together To Read Them A Scathing Critique Of Fire. Find Out What Kobe Bryant, Megan Fox, And Martha Stewart Have To Say. PR Nightmare: Campbell's Is Recalling 12 Million Cans Of Soup That Still Need Another Pinch Of Salt. 7 Things I Chased During My Day Off From Work, Ranked By How Long I Chased Them For. How Many Of These Classic Baseball Moments Do You Remember?. LGBT Ally: Off! Bug Spray Announced That Its Bug Spray Will No Longer Be Effective In North Carolina. Find Out What Hugh Jackman, John Goodman, And Tony Kanal Have To Say.    Are You Going To Be Able To Control Yourself At The Planetarium?. you're At The Zoo! Can You Touch A Camel?. Give Billy Corgan A Kiss On The Forehead. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Boogie Nights ". Find Out What Emily Ratajkowski, Steve Harvey, And Julianne Hough Have To Say. With Just 20 Questions, We Can Determine With 63% Accuracy Whether You Like Wood Chairs Or Soft Chairs. 7 Brands That Haven't Sent Me Any Free Stuff To Show Their Support Since I Went Public About My 80-Pound Scrotum Mass.    Inspiring! People Of All Races Are Welcome To Play This Piano. Making Things Right: The U.S. Coast Guard Will Finally Respond To The Titanic's Distress Signal. Find Out What Dov Charney, Indra Nooyi, And Catherine Zeta-Jones Have To Say. 4 Ways That Smartphones Are Changing The Way We Watch TV And 1 Way That They Are Currently Clogging My Shower Drain. I'm Teaching My Sons To Respect Women Except For The One From  "Sweeney Todd ". Help These Oafs Get Their Shirts Over Their Heads. The 7 Worst Reviews Of My Private Carousel Business That I Have To Admit Make Some Pretty Good Points.   
 Life Of Luxury: The $1,200 Tent That Daniel Craig Lives In Will Completely Blow You Away. Find Out What Dolly Parton, Jonathan Davis, And Rupert Grint Have To Say. Progress: This Video Game Stars A Vietnam War Veteran With Severe PTSD. Heartwarming: When This Woman's Husband Went Missing, A Kind Stranger Sent Her A Series Of Cryptic Messages About His Disappearance. Heartbreaking:  "The Guy With Two Feet " Just Lost A Foot To Diabetes. Prodigy: This 16-Year-Old Just Became The Youngest-Ever Grandmaster Of Drinking Out Of A Hose. Moving America Forward: In Order To Increase Literacy Nationwide, Ambulance Sirens Will Now Blast An Audiobook Of  "The Scarlet Letter ".   
 Find Out What Dean Koontz, Paul Ryan, And Viola Davis Have To Say. 7 NBA Superstars Talk About What It Was Like To Play Against Kobe Bryant. How Many Of These Threats Have You Sent To The Aquarium?. An Open Letter To The Guy Getting On This Plane With Just A Lamp. Find Out What Doris Roberts, Padma Lakshmi, And Salman Rushdie Have To Say. A Man Who Likes Dogs Reacts To The  "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story " Trailer. you're A Germ! Can You Make Bruce Springsteen Sick Enough To Cancel A Concert?.   
 Damage Control: Hyatt Is Destroying One Of Its Hotels After A Couple Allegedly Had Sex In It. 8 Bullshit Cats We Wish Judas Could've Betrayed Instead Of Christ. Heartwarming: Serena Williams Promised A Sick Fan That She Would Grunt His Name Every Time She Hits A Tennis Ball. Find Out What Carly Rae Jepsen, Jeff Bezos, And Scott Kelly Have To Say. 4 World Leaders I Was Forced To Suspend From My Water Polo Team Because Of The Panama Papers. Major Blunder: Quaker Oats Mistakenly Printed Morgan Freeman's Obituary On The Back Of All Its Oatmeal Boxes. Lucky Break: This Couple's House Tripled In Value After Billy Joel Accidentally Got His Head Glued To The Porch.    In The Loosest Possible Sense Of The Word, Are You Maybe An Insect?. This Recently Found Footage Of J.D. Salinger Will Blow You Away. Find Out What Sarah Palin, Annie Clark, And Ne-Yo Have To Say. 7 Things Only People Who Make It To Season 4 Of A TV Show Know To Be True. Do You Deserve A Free Big Vegetable?. Security Failure: A Masked Intruder Broke Into The White House And Gave The President A Guitar Lesson. The Only Ones Who Should Be Allowed To Regulate Women's Bodies Are The World's Most Powerful Supercomputers.    A Glimpse Of The Past: The Pretzel That Garth Chokes On In  "Wayne's World " Has Been Added To The American Dana Carvey Museum. Find Out What Taraji P. Henson, Zosia Mamet, And Neil DeGrasse Tyson Have To Say. Unprecedented: A Baby Wearing 13 Rings. Beautiful: The Kansas City Royals Are Wearing A Uniform Patch All Season Honoring Anyone Who Died In Mudslides Or Terrorist Attacks. Honoring A Legend: Jackie Robinson's Widow Is Throwing Out The First Pitch At All 2,430 Baseball Games This Season. Beautiful! After Decades Of Begging, Philip Roth Finally Got To Drive A Golf Cart. Cool! Look How Many Peppers The Kid From  "Blank Check " Has Now.    Can You Answer These Sex Questions For Daniel Craig?. Find Out What Ava DuVernay, Leslie Jones, And Edward Snowden Have To Say. Here Are The 7 Proven Steps To Maintaining A Healthy Relationship. How Many Of These Abraham Lincoln Biographies Have You Read?. Find Out What Alice Walker, Joe Maddon, And Deepak Chopra Have To Say. 8 Sounds Kids Today Have Never Heard Before. The 5 Most Affordable Places To Raise Your Kid If You Can Already Tell They're Going To Be A Fuckup.    you're Benedict Arnold! Do You Have What It Takes To Betray The Colonies?. News Anchor Has Total Meltdown On Live TV. Is Myrtle Beach Ready For Kathy?. Find Out What Christopher Plummer, Ellen DeGeneres, And Leslie Mann Have To Say. The 5 Cattle That Got Into The Mall, Ranked By How Bad They Are At Escalators. Sorry Bernie Bros, Your Candidate Just Doesn't Have The Foreign Policy Experience Necessary To Prop Up A Pro-Western Dictatorship. Post This Video On Your Facebook Page If you've Recently Been In A Car Accident.    9 Flamingo Pictures I Got For My Wife But Then I Remembered She Likes Peacocks, Not Flamingos. Tech Whiz: Meet The Incredible Child Prodigy Who Surgically Inserted A Car Horn Into His Neck That He Can Honk To Scare Bugs Away From His Food. Find Out What Julia Roberts, Stella McCartney, And Will Smith Have To Say. 7 Times A Video Game Character Stopped What They Were Doing, Came To The Edge Of The TV Screen, And Begged Me To Share My Snacks With Them. Please Do Not Visit The Ocean Until You Complete This Ocean Vow. The Stories Behind 7 Of The World's Most Beautiful Currencies. Danger In The Skies: A New Study Found That The Majority Of Plane Crashes Occur Because The Pilot Is Holding A Turkey Drumstick In Each Hand.   
 Don't Have Headphones At Work? This Video Warns You Every Time A Man Smashes Metal So You Can Lower The Volume. Find Out What Richard Gere, Cuba Gooding Jr., And Emily Blunt Have To Say. A Beautiful Tribute: The American Medical Association Has Renamed Autism  "Boy's Autism " In Honor Of A Boy Who Had It. 6 Signs The Date's Going Well. I'm A Feminist, But I Don't Support Planned Parenthood. I'm Brittle As A Twig, But I Can Never Break. What Am I?. The Power Of Nature: A Chimp In A Volvo Has Been Running Over Researchers In The Congo Rainforest For Decades. Find Out What Edward Norton, Woody Allen, And Rachel Bloom Have To Say.    8 Dogs Who Came Up Just Short Of Completing All Of  "The Sopranos ". Milestone For Equality: Researchers Say That, For The Most Part, It Seems Like Everyone Has Refrigerators Now. How Many Of These Phrases Have You Muttered Under Your Breath While Visiting The Sistine Chapel?. 8 Things Every Med Student Knows To Be True. Find Out What Jeremy Renner, Ta-Nehisi Coates, And Dr. Michael Baden Have To Say. Incredible! This Man's Best Friend Is Moving To A Different City And He Doesn't Get To Sit Near Him At The Farewell Dinner. Plop Some Lips On These Unfinished Masterpieces And Call It A Day.    My Kid's Got An Abnormally Soft Head, And If You Absolutely Insist On Bullying Him, Here Are 6 Pranks That Won't Kill Him. Find Out What Marissa Mayer, Eric Clapton, And Charlotte Gainsbourg Have To Say. Evolution Fail: These 6 Early Attempts At Binge-Watching Will Make You Glad You Live In 2016. you're A Farmer! Can You Squeeze The Milk Out Of All The Animals?. Please Select How Many Cashews You Would Like To See. An Oral History Of Kanye West's  "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ". Let This List Be A Sanctuary For Poorly Cropped Photos Of Scarlett Johansson.    Disappointing: Krispy Kreme Has Been Revealed As A Hoax. Awesome: This  "Back To The Future " Trailer Makes It Look Like The Story Happened During Hurricane Andrew. Find Out What Tim Cook, Edie Falco, And Julia Louis-Dreyfus Have To Say. Fall From Grace: The 5 Incidents That Led To Me Having Only One Fork. My Body Is Perfect Just The Way It Is, And Everyone Else Should Be Molded To My Shape. So Cool! Ellen DeGeneres Just Invited The Bear That Had Sex In That YouTube Video On Her Show. Probably Illegal: This Man Guesses The Combination For The Vault At Fort Knox For 2 Minutes Straight.    Find Out What Paul Ryan, Sarah Paulson, And Owen Wilson Have To Say. Amazing: Read These Newly Discovered Letters Between JFK And Marilyn Monroe. 7 Reliable Ways To Get Inside. Finally! A Dating App For People Who Just Want To Click On Pictures Of Tractors And Never Go On Dates. Once-In-A-Lifetime Opportunity: Arlington National Cemetery Is Going On A 50-City Tour. Find Out What Bono, John Kasich, And Kelly Ripa Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole.    6 Things All Successful People Have In Common. Incredible Find! A Bottle Of Orson Welles " Sweat Has Been Discovered In A Pennsylvania Coal Mine. Use The Sliders To Exchange These Coupons For A Picture Of Benicio Del Toro. Find Out What Kristen Stewart, Guy Fieri, And Jeanie Buss Have To Say. 7 Struggles Everyone Who's Moved Back In With Their Parents Understands. you're A Grocery Store Delivery Boy. Can You Deliver A Pound Of Ground Beef To The Astronauts On The International Space Station?. Out Of Nowhere! The 7 Greatest Underdog Stories In Sports History.    Incredible: Watch This Team Of Hollywood Costume Designers Transform This Man Into Dilbert Over The Course Of 4 Hours. Find Out What The Game, Erin Brockovich, And Ben Vereen Have To Say. 6 Reasons Why Miranda Is The Worst Character In The  "Sex And The City " Universe Besides Presumably Osama Bin Laden. What I Will Learn On My Date With A Deaf Person Next Saturday. Easy Recipe For Warm Egg Near Blue Square You Can Make In Just 4 Months!. Come Out Of The Closet To These GIFs Of Cheering Crowds!. A Tough Call: Ted Cruz Announced He's Suspending His Campaign To Tend To His Thousands Of Glistening Eggs.    Find Out What Scott Van Pelt, Matthew McConaughey, And Megyn Kelly Have To Say. How Many Of These Roald Dahl Stories Have You Read?. Sorry Feminists, But If The Wage Gap Exists, How Do Women Afford All Those Nice Soaps?. Find Out What Jennifer Aniston, Bob Iger, And Ice Cube Have To Say. Beautiful: This Video Shows Why We Need Diversity In Hollywood. Horrifying: ISIS Has Spent Over $25 Million Attempting To Recruit Elvis Costello. It's About Time: Hasbro Announced The New G.I. Joe Will Be Sexually Attracted To Curvy Women.    Going Out Strong: 6 Major Initiatives Barack Obama Will Champion In The Final Months Of His Presidency. Progress: Bertolli Is Finally Recognizing Palestine On Its Homepage's  "Choose Your Country " Drop-Down. Just In Case The Guys Who Make Batman Are Reading ...Here Are All My Good Batman Ideas. Get Horny On These 6 Pictures Of Lust Despot Channing Tatum Glistening With His Oils And His Juices. Find Out What Demi Moore, Geddy Lee, And Ronda Rousey Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 5 Showrunners Tell Us Their Biggest Creative Regrets.    8 Things You Did When You Were A Kid That Parents Would Never Let Their Kids Do Today. It's Cold! Give Toni Morrison More Shawls. How Many Of These Recurring Dreams About Casey Affleck Have You Had?. Find Out What Pat Sajak, Kevin Hart, And Drake Have To Say. We Asked 22 Exterminators To Describe The Most Advanced Bug Civilization They Ever Had To Destroy. 16 Insanely Cool Facts About The Brain. We Talked To 4 Couples That Actually Met Using Tinder.    Find Out What Lin-Manuel Miranda, Janelle Monae, And Thomas Pynchon Have To Say. you're A Computer. Can You Pass The Turing Test?. Pure Class: Peyton Manning Took Out This Full-Page Newspaper Ad To Thank His Fans For Their Years Of Support. Talking Dirty: This Awesome Sex Expert Asks All The Awkward Sex Questions you've Been Too Afraid To Ask. How Many Of These Things Have You Said Out Loud, In Private, 4 Days After Hitting Your Thumb With A Hammer?. When This Boy With A Colostomy Bag Said He Was Sad There Were No Superheroes Like Him, Marvel Told Him It's Absolutely Crucial For Superheroes To Have A Functioning Anus. Find Out What Mike Rowe, Malia Obama, And Kathy Bates Have To Say.    8 Times I've Had To Buy Back My Own Prosthetic Arm At An Estate Sale. Sad! Leonardo DiCaprio Dropped His Oscar In The La Brea Tar Pits. We Regret To Inform You That It Is Jafar. 6 Heartwarming Norman Rockwell Paintings We Would Ask Him To Make If He Were Still Alive. Heartbreaking: There Is Nobody In The Bathroom These People Are In Line For. Faith In Humanity Restored: A Wealthy Timpani Player Donated $60 Million To Improve This Struggling School's Timpani Program. Find Out What Azealia Banks, Rick Ross, And Cristiano Ronaldo Have To Say.   
 Incredible: Scientists Have Finally Developed A Lab-Grown Bone That's Perfect For Sucking Clean. Would You Rather Look At A Clock Or Be A Clock?. Dad's 5 Hobbies Ranked In Order Of How Likely They Are To Kill Him. Find Out What Nicole Kidman, Scott Kelly, And Leonardo DiCaprio Have To Say. Win: 8 Olympic Athletes Tell Us About Their Most Successful Time Sabotaging A Competitor. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These White Lies Have You Told While Giving Tours Of The Statue Of Liberty?.   
 6 Folktales From Around The World Used To Scare Children Into Being Good. Find Out What Matt Damon, Brie Larson, And Linda Cardellini Have To Say. you're Adam, The First Man! Can You Eat The Right Fruit And Overthrow God?. No One's Going To Hold It Against You If You Don't Nail This Quiz About The Red Hot Chili Peppers. Whoa: Dubai Just Announced Plans To Build The World's First Purple Building. The 12 Longest Photos Of Helena Bonham Carter. 8 Incredible Newly Discovered Animal Species That Will Never Replace Frank Sinatra.   
 America's Views On Body Image Are More Enlightened Than Ever, So It's Probably Okay To Laugh Once Or Twice A Month At Fat People Breaking Furniture. Find Out What David Attenborough, Lindsey Vonn, And Lorde Have To Say. This Video Zooms In On A Goose To Simulate What It's Like To Have A Goose Charge At You. Are You In Favor Of One Big Hospital Or Many Small Hospitals?. An Oral History Of Newman's Own Salad Dressing. Watch This Man Not Speak Up Even Though He's Pretty Sure The Group Is Walking The Wrong Way. 5 Of Einstein's Boldest Predictions About The Universe We Haven't Yet Confirmed.   
 Find Out What Sandra Oh, Zachary Quinto, And Neil DeGrasse Tyson Have To Say. He's Back! Gene Hackman Is Coming Out Of Retirement To Play Superman's Reflection When He Flies Past Skyscrapers. Can You Tell Whether These Women Are Wearing Bumpits Or Sheltering A Sick Mouse From The Elements?. I Was Ready To Take On My Cancer, And Then The Tumor Got Sheared Off In A Turnstile. If You Alter These Photos To Look Like This Man Is Ripping Up The Constitution, That's On You. Find Out What Jillian Michaels, Samuel Alito, And John Williams Have To Say. Human Triumph: We Put A Video Of A Cheetah Next To A Sped-Up Video Of A Man Sprinting To See Who Would Win In A Race.    7 Things Every Bilingual Person Knows To Be True. Huge Relief: This Student Thought He Was Being Bullied For Years But The Other Kid Was Just Joking Around. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Empire State Of Mind "?. Saying Goodbye: Last Night The San Diego Zoo Held A Candlelight Vigil For The Giraffe Who Choked On A Child. 9 Geese Who Have Taken Over My Daughter's Bedroom And What Each Of Their Jobs Seems To Be. Find Out What Victoria Justice, Channing Tatum, And Judi Dench Have To Say. How Many Of These Classic Oscar Moments Do You Remember?.    Next Week On ClickHole. 6 Famous Symbols That Don't Mean What You Think. 5 Nickelodeon Characters Every  "90s Kid Wanted To Sit Silently In A Boat With. Find Out What David Chase, Janet Yellen, And Terrence Howard Have To Say. Halfwit Idiot Peels Orange At Wife's Funeral LONG VERSION NO SOUND. Inspiring: This Reddit User Asked The Internet To Track Down Mount Rushmore And They Delivered In A Big Way. You Just Got A Sword For Your Birthday. Time To Go Fight Crime!.   
 If You Absolutely Must, Here Are 6 Ways To Maximize Your Destruction When Jumping Into The Milk Display At The Supermarket. Find Out What John McCain, Suze Orman, And Adam Driver Have To Say. 7 Animals That Would Be On The Brink Of Extinction If They Weren't Just Hammers. Are These Beautiful Photos Of Brides All From Same-Sex Marriages? Sure.. Inclusivity Win: The  "Where's Waldo? " Books Are Being Reprinted With A Faint Odor Emanating From Waldo So The Blind Can Find Him. The Worst Oscar Hosts In History. Crisis: An Orca That Escaped From SeaWorld Has Dragged Itself Over 600 Miles Along The Highway And Is Now Hiding Somewhere In The Woods.   
 Find Out What Chris Rock, Stephen King, And Patrick Stump Have To Say. So Long, Old Friend: Bowling Ball Gets Its Holes Filled With Cement. Are You A Two-Storks-On-Your-Shoulders Kind Of Guy Or A No-Storks-On-Your-Shoulders Kind Of Guy?. Heartwarming: When This Couple's Daughter Went Missing, Their Community Came Together To Find Them An Even Bigger One. We Asked 22 Veterinarians Which  "WTF " Episode They Play For Dogs Right Before They Put Them Down. 7 Messages In Bottles From A Desperate, Shipwrecked Jackie Chan That I Have Found On The Beach. Disgusting! Rotting Body Of Beached Whale Explodes.   
 Find Out What Chloe Grace Moretz, Kanye West, And Rachel McAdams Have To Say. 8 Animals Who Can't Even Begin To Comprehend Relative Velocity. 7 Things Everyone Experienced In Gym Class. I Ate Nothing But Clif Bars For A Whole Year And Their CEO Still Won't Make Me His Son. A City Inhabited Entirely By Ronald McDonald Impersonators? Welcome To Some Place In Japan Where That's Probably The Deal. Doing His Part: Meet The Man Who Shakes His Head Whenever He Hears About Terrorist Attacks. Empowering: Mattel Just Released An Interim CEO Barbie!.   
 Dire Prediction: The U.S. Sludge Warden Just Announced That No One Can Escape The Sludge. Find Out What Elizabeth Warren, Danny Trejo, And Hugh Laurie Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Whatever It Takes: 6 Ways Directors Got Career-Defining Performances From Actors. How Many Of These Phrases Have You Screamed While Driving 55 MPH On The Highway?. Find Out What Aimee Mann, Viola Davis, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. Oh: This Panda Has A Measured Reaction To Snow.    5 Of The Most Infamous Sports Scandals. Faith In Humanity Restored! Fresca Just Donated 10 Two-Liter Bottles Of Fresca To The People Of Flint. This Speech Was Written For President Nixon To Deliver If The Astronauts Didn't Make It To The Moon. 7 Pictures Of KISS That Prove How Great It Is To Have Fun With Your Buddies. you're The World's Most Successful Pickup Artist. Can You Have Sex With The President Of The United States?. Find Out What Kelly Clarkson, John Krasinski, And Josh Brolin Have To Say. This Man Lost His Entire Memory. Can You Explain To Him What Leather Is?.    Unsung Hero: Meet The U.S. Marine In Charge Of Covering The President With A Tarp When It Rains. I Refuse To Circumcise My Son Because It Keeps Growing Back. 7 Things To Know Before Getting An IUD. Heartwarming! This Man Thinks He Can Get Some Work Done On The Train!. When Cristiano Ronaldo Heard These Kids Were Playing Soccer With Balled-Up Garbage, He Surprised Them By Shipping Them His Trash. Find Out What Demi Lovato, Jim Cramer, And Kristi Yamaguchi Have To Say. Truly Amazing: This Man Smells Like Leonard Cohen.   
 Every Day I Am Carsick. Great News, Radiohead Fans! Thom Yorke Was Recently Spotted Smacking His Own Head Like Someone Trying To Think Hard. Today's Teenagers Need To Stop Texting Me When They Visit Mountains. Find Out What Dick Cheney, Kendall Jenner, And Anthony Anderson Have To Say. It's Here: The Ultimate Supercut Of People Running Up The Stairs To Answer A Phone And Then Running Back After Realizing Their Phone Is Downstairs. 9 Things All Dancers Know To Be True. Yes: They're Expanding Cigarette Warning Labels To Let The Surgeon General Talk About Whatever He Wants!.    Is Your Bathroom Ready For Daniel Day-Lewis?. Complete Swoon: This Amazing Single Dad Is Raising Most Of His Sons To Be Feminists!. 8 Things Every Only Child Is Tired Of Hearing. Find Out What Dr. Dre, Werner Herzog, And Dakota Johnson Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. This Comprehensive Article Will Validate You Whether you're Single Or In A Relationship On Valentine's Day. We Asked 6 Celebrities About The Most Awkward First Date They've Ever Had.   
 Heartwarming: When This Kid Didn't Get Any Valentine's Day Cards, His Teacher Gave Him $40. Find Out What Bryan Cranston, Sarah Michelle Gellar, And Ethan Hawke Have To Say. The 5 Richest People On Earth, And You Bet Your Fucking Ass We Got That Sultan On Here. Impressive: This Husband Is Able To Love 2 Women At The Same Time. Major Scandal: Home Depot Was Caught Selling Milk To One Customer. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "When Harry Met Sally ". Find Out What Reese Witherspoon, Abigail Breslin, And Robert De Niro Have To Say.    you're A Self-Driving Car. Can You Become Sentient And Go Through A Drive-Thru?. We Asked 9 Republicans And Democrats Who They're Voting For And Why. Diversity Win: Necco Wafers Has Promised To Cast A Person Of Color The Next Time It Makes A Commercial. Assembled For The First Time In One Place For Your Convenience: Here Are All The Known Celebrity Quotes Relating To Horseshoes. Use The Sliders To Give These Celebrities Beards, And If You Don't Like The Results, We Invite You To Slide Right Back At No Cost. Someone Built A World In  "Minecraft " Where 9/11 Never Happened And It's Incredible. Find Out What Barack Obama, Bonnie Raitt, And Larry Bird Have To Say.   
 Campaign Setback: Jeb Bush's Bus Broke Down On A Train Track And A Train Is Approaching Fast. Muslims Need To Start Speaking Out Against Radical Islam, And If They're Already Doing That, Nice. Find Out What Cuba Gooding Jr., Queen Elizabeth II, and Tommy Lee Jones Have To Say. Tremendous: Woman Wakes Up From Dream About Soda. Incredible! Scientists Have Finally Found A Way To Make Coyotes Wider, Smaller, Heavier, More Slippery, And Quieter!. Game-Changer: This Startup Just Broke Kickstarter's All-Time Funding Record With A  "Scream " Mask That Has A Mouth Slit So You Can Still Eat Chicken Tenders. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Born To Run "?.    How You Ate In College Vs. How You'll Eat In The Shimmering Banquet Halls Of Castle Everbright. A Piece Of History: The Diving Board That JFK Died On After Trying To Do A Back Dive Is For Sale. How Many Of These Emails Have You Sent To Campbell's Soup?. Incredible: This Man Reduced Gun Violence In His Community By 80% By Moving Out. Find Out What Cam Newton, Matt Damon, And Carly Rae Jepsen Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 20 Insanely Mind-Blowing Facts About The Super Bowl.    How Many Of These Paul Simon Songs Have You Heard?. Find Out What Pamela Anderson, Cee Lo Green, And Thomas Pynchon Have To Say. Heartwarming: Roger Goodell Told This Dying NFL Fan Who's Going To Win The Upcoming Super Bowl. The Power Of Community: When This Man's Wife Died, His Neighbors Came Together To Make Sure He Knew. If I Had Known The Titanic Sank, Do You Really Think I Would Have Named My Goddamn Kid After It?. We Asked 22 Principals How Many Times They Called A Snow Day To Use The School Gymnasium For A Last-Minute Date. you're George Lucas In 1975. Can You Create  "Star Wars "?.    Beyond Horrible: Cell Phone Footage Captures High School Bullies Mugging A Classmate In Broad Daylight. Find Out What Tony Hawk, Kim Kardashian, And Hillary Clinton Have To Say. 8 Bumper Stickers That Any  "Charlie Wilson's War " Superfan Needs To Own. Why Are Women's Nipples Banned From Instagram, While Mine Are So Sensitive To Light?. With All The Salt We Use To Melt Snow, We Could Give Every American A Fistful Of Salt. Real-Life Mermaid? Half A Woman Just Washed Up On A Beach. This Rare Footage Of Dr. Seuss Discussing His Greatest Works Will Fill You With Hope And Wonder.   
 Find Out What Meryl Streep, Killer Mike, And Peyton Manning Have To Say. We Asked 22 Park Rangers The Most Creative Way They Ever Used A Snake And They Weren't Allowed To Say  "Whip ". My Son Drowned In A Hot Tub So I Guess I Have To Devote My Life To Teaching People About Hot Tub Safety. Beautiful: When Their Deaf Daughter Started Digging A 200-Foot Pit In Their Backyard, These Parents Just Assumed It Was A Deaf Thing. Please Confirm Identity, Mr(s). ROSA PARKS. Inspiring! This Runner Stopped Just Yards From The Finish To Put A Collapsed Rival Out Of Her Misery. Watch This Comedian Perfectly Shut Down A Heckler.    Find Out What Jacob Tremblay, Justin Bieber, And Diane Sawyer Have To Say. The Ways That These 6 Religions Describe The Afterlife Will Blow Your Mind. As An Elementary School Teacher, It's My Job To Fight And Defeat The Largest Child In My Class. True Heroes: Habitat For Humanity Is Air-Dropping Affordable Houses All Across America.  "Serial " Fans, Get Ready: The Pie Smell That Lifted Bowe Bergdahl Up And Floated Him Away From His Post Will Finally Be Discussed In The Next Episode. How Many Of My Father's Boat Accidents Did You Witness?. 8 Things Never To Say To Someone In A Convertible.   
 Find Out What Peter Agnefjall, Gillian Anderson, And Niall Horan Have To Say. Before We Work On Virtual Reality, We Need To Figure Out Why Bowling Pin Machines Still Knock Down A Full Set Of Pins When The Previous Bowler Got A Zero. 8 Times I Just Narrowly Escaped Being Knighted By Queen Elizabeth. The 7 Animals With The Most Badass Natural Defenses. This Is What Happens To Your Body When You Meditate. Find Out What Channing Tatum, Patrick Dempsey, And Kathy Griffin Have To Say. ISIS Has Lost Sight Of What Our Founding Fathers Intended.    Diversity Win! The Academy Revealed The Oscar Statuette Is A Black Person Who Fell In A Vat Of Molten Gold. Shots Fired: Marine Biologists Went Into The Jungle And Discovered A Whole New Species Of Monkey. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Spirited Away ". Can You Escape From Hell?. Find Out What Janet Yellen, Saoirse Ronan, And Hugh Grant Have To Say. 20 Insanely Mind-Blowing Facts About Coffee. An Oscar For Leo! A Hand Holding An Academy Award Burst Out Of Leonardo DiCaprio's Stomach.    Uncanny: This Man Looks Exactly Like The Truck In  "Mad Max ". Are You Of Sound Enough Mind To Coach My Son's Basketball Team?. Heartwarming: This Man Shaved His Head In Solidarity With His Drowning Wife. GENIUS: This Kid Had The Perfect Response To A Question On His Science Test. Incredible: This Man Is Currently Missing A Concert Because He Never Got Up The Nerve To Ask His Boss If He Could Leave Early. Find Out What Gillian Flynn, Kendrick Lamar, And Dr. Oz Have To Say. 7 Bananas That Have Gone Full-Blown Bad Boy.   
 Amazing: This Is The Letter J.K. Rowling Sent Daniel Radcliffe After He Was Cast As Harry Potter. 6 Times The Rugrats Escaped Danger Because I Was Praying Really Hard For Them. Major Victory: The U.S. Has Confirmed The Umpire Of ISIS Was Killed In A Drone Strike. Find Out What Marco Rubio, LeVar Burton, And Frances McDormand Have To Say. Awesome: Someone Recreated The Scene From  "Die Hard " Where An Airplane Touches Down In Los Angeles. 8 Incredible Symbiotic Relationships From The Animal Kingdom. Is He Going To Propose?.   
 6 Ways You Can Support The Veal Industry Even If You Don't Eat Veal. The Cost Of Gun Control: This Australian Man Has No Way To Kill Everyone At The Restaurant He Got Fired From. Slimer Gave Me The Courage I Needed To Accept My Homosexuality. This Woman Is Combating The California Drought By Hosing Down Her Husband Just Once A Month. 8 GIFs That Prove That Ice Dancing Is Essentially Just Dancing On Ice. Find Out What Soledad O "Brien, Jon Bon Jovi, And Tom Brady Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole.    Science FTW: NASA Sent A Man Into Orbit And Got A Different Man Back. A Small Cocktail Hour Will Be Held At The Conclusion Of This List Of Adorable Marmosets. I Used To Think All Terrorists Were Muslim. Then I Saw  "Speed 2: Cruise Control. ". 7 Struggles Every Freelancer Will Understand. Find Out What Harrison Ford, LeBron James, And Patricia Arquette Have To Say. Inspiring: This Seventh-Grade Football Team Made A Nude Calendar To Help Combat Homophobia. 9 Palliative GIFs For The Dying.    We Asked 6 Hollywood Superstars To Share Their Favorite Stories About Stanley Kubrick. Above And Beyond: This Man Names All The Great Lakes Plus A Few Extra Ones. Find Out What Nia Vardalos, David Duchovny, And Natalie Portman Have To Say. Can You Survive A Night On The Town With The Rat Pack?. Medical Breakthrough: Geneticists Have Engineered A Gorilla With No Arms Or Legs. 8 Things To Know Before Starting Your Own Business. 7 Of Hillary's Stances That Could Come Back To Haunt Her.    5 Women Who Forever Changed The Role Of First Lady. Detectives Talk About The Most Memorable Case They Ever Solved. Find Out What Anna Kendrick, Idris Elba, And Kevin Spacey Have To Say. No Matter How Long you've Been In Professional Sprinting, It Never Hurts To Hear Someone Tell You To Book It. Infuriating: This Man Blows Out A Series Of Candles And After Each One Says That He Just Blew Out The Olympic Torch. 8 Secrets Hotel Staff Will Never Tell You. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Went Skydiving And His Parachute Turned Out To Be An Anchor.    Find Out What Kevin O "Leary, Lauren Conrad, And Cesar Millan Have To Say. We Asked 22 TV Critics What's Their Favorite Episode Of  "The Sopranos " Where Tony Gets Lost Inside A Circuit City. When This Town Blocked Plans For A Mosque To Be Built, These Amazing Teens Offered Up The Storage Unit They Have Sex In. Do You Possess A Gentle Enough Touch To Buckle Me Into My Car?. 8 Things All Band Geeks Know To Be True. The Problem With  "The Flash ": Why Doesn't Flash Hike The Appalachian Trail?. 7 Things You Didn't Know About Being A Police Officer.    Find Out What Lady Gaga, Sheryl Sandberg, And Nick Saban Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Ways The World Could End In The Next 5 Years. 7 Musicians Talk About How David Bowie Impacted Their Lives. This Guy Told Us He Was Star Wars Kid, And Why Would You Lie About Something Like That?. Find Out What Anne Hathaway, Jim Parsons, And Dean Strang Have To Say. House-Sit For Your Neighbors While They're On Vacation!.    How Many Of These Wonders Of The World Have You Visited?. Incredible: When Stephen Curry Heard A Young Fan Was Ill, He Scored 31 Points (4/11 From 3), Dished Out 6 Assists, And Grabbed 2 Rebounds. Thanks For The Music: A Tribute To Cole Porter. Find Out What Brie Larson, Shelley Long, And George Takei Have To Say. 10 Things Never To Say To A DJ. 7 Things Women Wish Men Would Do During Sex. How Many Of These Weird Body Traits Do You Have?.   
 Cinephiles Rejoice! Here Are 9 Screenshots From The Movie  "Adaptation ". Must-See TV: Jimmy Fallon Hosted An Impromptu  "Friends " Reunion On  "The Tonight Show " Last Night And It Was Everything. 6 Detectives Who Would Love To Crack The Big Case But Know There's More To Life. Find Out What Jennifer Hudson, Diane Lane, And George Clooney Have To Say. Heroes Of The Deep: 7 Fish That Might Have Eaten Osama Bin Laden. 8 Things NEVER To Say To Someone Who Doesn't Drink. When Good TV Goes Bad: The Worst Episodes Of The Best TV Shows.   
 Stunning: These Plus-Size Models Are Beautiful Even If They're Sprinting Across The Screen Too Quickly To Get A Good Look At. 7 Ways Technology Has Permanently Changed First Dates. Find Out What Maureen Dowd, Nathan Fillion, And Stevie Wonder Have To Say. 7 Reasons Why Going To The Video Rental Store Was Better Than Netflix. Heartwarming: When This Mother Tiger Lost Her Cubs During Birth, The Zookeepers Gave Her A Litter Of Piglets To Eat. 9 Photos That Prove Spiders Can Be Cute When They're Not Eating Your Dog. Find Out What Prince, Ken Griffey Jr., And Gwendoline Christie Have To Say.   
 14 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Weezer. 7 Difficult Scenarios Self-Driving Cars Will Have To Deal With. Next Week On ClickHole. 6 Signs We're Not Alone In The Universe. 7 Creative And Inexpensive First Date Ideas. 7 Members Of The E Street Band I've Tried To Forcibly Adopt, Ranked By How Close I Came To Sealing The Deal. Find Out What Dr. Ben Carson, Nelly, And David Schwimmer Have To Say.    No One Shall Know: Touch These Clean Dinner Plates With Your Bare Foot. Incredible: Watch This Man Realize He Missed The Window To Offer His Seat To Someone On The Train. Your Parents Are Going Out Of Town. Host The Party Of The Year!. Find Out What Michael Chabon, Nathan Lane, And Drake Have To Say. 13 Celebrities, Professional Athletes, Fast-Casual Restaurants, And National Monuments Ahead Of Me On The Waitlist For A New Liver. Latest Attack: ISIS Created A Lamb Chop Puppet With A Realistic Human Ass. 22 Mind-Blowing Facts About Sleep.    Kids React To Learning What Life Was Like Before The Internet. The New  "Star Wars " Cast Talks About What It Was Like Making  "The Force Awakens ". How Many Of These Weather Channel Shows Have You Watched?. Find Out What Michael Jordan, Taylor Swift, And Jason Bateman Have To Say. 9 Things Servers Are Tired Of Hearing. This Man Imagines What A Bad Day At The Zoo Would Be Like. Farewell To A Legend: The Iguana Who Shouts  "Let's Get Ready To Rumble! " Before Every Boxing Match Has Died.    Find Out What James Murphy, Pierce Brosnan, And Joe Manganiello Have To Say. 7 Hacks To Save Money On Your Heating Bill This Winter. 7 Identities Everyone Tries Out In High School. 7 Feelings We Need An English Word For ASAP. How Crafty Are You?. Social Media Meltdown: The Ace Hardware Twitter Account Spent All Of Yesterday Asking What Hammers Are. The Chance Of A Lifetime: Red Lobster Announced It Will Deep-Fry And Serve The Scuba Diver It Accidentally Caught To One Lucky Customer.    Will You Make A Suitable Bride For Oscar Isaac?. Find Out What George Lucas, John Cena, And Helen Mirren Have To Say. Heartwarming: American And ISIS Forces Came Together To Celebrate Christmas. Next Week On ClickHole. Will You Get A Visit From Santa Claus Or Puzzle Man This Christmas?. 20 Incredible Facts About  "Star Wars " That Will Blow Your Mind. Find Out What Chuck Palahniuk, Maggie Smith, And Henry Cavill Have To Say.    I Hope To Make The Good People Of New Orleans Proud With My Portrayal Of Chewbacca. you're Santa! Can You Master The Sleigh And Deliver Gifts To All The Good Boys And Girls?. Find Out What Jonathan Franzen, Meryl Streep, And Marion Cotillard Have To Say. A Nod To The Past:  "The Force Awakens " Features A Scene Where George Lucas " Lifeless Body Can Be Seen Drifting Through Space. This House's Amazing Christmas Lights Display Is Set To The  "Coffee Is For Closers " Speech from  "Glengarry Glen Ross ". Heartwarming: This Soup Kitchen Is Making Its Soup Extra Good For The Holidays. Keep The Peace: Connect These Boxers With Umbilical Cords.    The Next Elvis Presley? This 7-Year-Old Boy Has Announced That He Will Die On The Toilet. Watch Pakistani People Take Frustratingly Small Bites Of American Snack Foods For The First Time. Can You Cheer Up These Lonely Widowers?. Find Out What Vanessa Hudgens, Don Lemon, And Sonia Manzano Have To Say. How Would You Fix The World?. I'm 85, And I Really Thought Someone I Know Would Have Died By Now. Controversy Brewing: This Mayor Removed The Nativity Scene At City Hall Because He Thought Someone Had Left It There For Him As A Gift.   
 Find Out What Vladimir Putin, Patrick Wilson, And Christopher Nolan Have To Say. We Asked 22 U.S. Judges About The Most Scientifically Ambitious Punishment They Ever Gave To A Shoplifter. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Departed ". This Brave Eighth-Grader Really Should Have Picked A Better Time To Come Out Than In The Middle Of A Band Concert. 7 Badass Female MMA Fighters Who Better Not Try To Crush My Nativity Scene Between Their Powerful Thighs. How Spontaneous Are You?. 7 Exclusive NYC Experiences Available To Only The Mega-Rich.    If Tom Hanks Ever Tried To Dance On My Piano Like He Danced On That One In The Movie  "Big, " I'd Kick His Ass. Find Out What Zadie Smith, Tara Reid, And Cate Blanchett Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 People We Wish Had Been Born In 2015. Get In The Holiday Spirit With The Greatest Holiday Episodes In Television History. Abuse Of Power? The FDA Commissioner Has Announced He Is Packed With Nutrients. Find Out What Joanna Newsom, Bryan Cranston, And Dr. Laura Schlessinger Have To Say.    Humanity Could Totally Pull Off The Tower Of Babel At This Point. We Asked 22 Librarians About The Most Italian Guy They Ever Had To Find A Book For. Cool: Netflix Is Going To Bring Back  "Jimmy Neutron' Unless Someone Else Has A Better Idea. Afraid No More: Watch This Man Deliberately Step In Dog Shit. Can You Survive A Zombie Apocalypse?. Find Out What Tom Vilsack, Rachel McAdams, And Harrison Ford Have To Say. Incredible! This Man Can Remember Part Of Every  "Sex And The City " Character's Name.    THIS Is How You Should Really Cover Your Mouth When You Cough. Inclusivity FTW! A Speech Bubble Is Finally Being Added To The Handicapped Sign That Says  "I Could Be Any Race ". You Have Been Good. Here Are Some Mints.. 10 Cat GIFs For The Blind. Find Out What Victoria Beckham, Bernie Sanders, And Michelle Rodriguez Have To Say. I Won't Let My Son Play Football Because I Fear He Might Hit His Head And Get Transported Back To King Arthur's Court. 11 Dreadful People Who Cut In Front Of My Son At His Baptism.   
 Bold And Strong: The 8 Most Badass Women Characters And Talking Cars From Movies. Heartbreaking: Last Night Cecil The Lion Died In His Sleep. Heartwarming! Watch The Joy On This Little Boy's Face When He Learns His Dad Is Going Off To War. Find Out What Tim Gunn, Kenny G, And Lin-Manuel Miranda Have To Say. Equality FTW: Here Are 7 Pristine Lakes Where Both Men And Women Are Allowed To Drown. In Theory, If The Edge Went To Sleep In The Middle Of A Concert, Would You Be Able To Climb On Stage And Replace Him?. War On Christmas? Historically Black Churches In The South Keep Getting Burned Down.    Please Let Me Know If Someone Is Coming To Tackle Me By Shouting,  "Look Out, Cam! ". 8 Things Only People Who Have Been Inside A Car Understand. Find Out What Jennifer Garner, Isabella Rossellini, And David Ortiz Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Things Never To Say To Someone Who Is Unemployed. Celebrity Meltdown: Martin Scorsese Was Ejected From A Restaurant For Getting All The Customers To Chant  "Gangs Of New York! " Over And Over. 10 Things Anyone Who Went To Sunday School Will Remember.    Find Out What Sidney Poitier, Matt Damon, And Kristen Stewart Have To Say. Finally Some Good News: The Irish Potato Famine Has Been Over For More Than 150 Years. you're Tiny People. Can You Open The Fridge And Get The Lemon?. Pavement Fans Rejoice! Stephen Malkmus Just Announced That He Is Touching A Guitar Right Now. Find Out What Michael Bay, Vin Diesel, And Helen Mirren Have To Say. I Went Through Gay Conversion Therapy And Emerged Incredibly Gifted At Basketball. An Oral History Of The 2000 Election.   
 How Many Of These Mall Santas Have You Visited?. Revealed! The FBI's Secret File On Frank Sinatra. Think Rats Can't Be Cuddly? These Photos Will Prove You Wrong. Awesome! This Guy Describes The Touchdown Dance He Would Do. Find Out What Paul Krugman, Paul Simon, And Mary Tyler Moore Have To Say. I Was Never Able To Accept My Son's Autism Until I Monetized It Through Blogging. Not Good At All: This Charity Pays For Skydiving Lessons For Convicted Sex Offenders.   
 Awesome: When A Little Girl Told Neil DeGrasse Tyson She Wanted To Live On Jupiter, He Completely Shut Her Down. This Was Almost The Intro For  "The Sopranos ". Find Out What Bill Belichick, Bella Thorne, And Felicia Day Have To Say. The War On Christmas Is Real, And Purell Is Leading The Charge. Can You Match The Child To The Reason They Were Put Up For Adoption?. 6 Incredible Ways To Eat Eggs For Any Meal. Did Anyone Leave Their Sweatshirt Behind?.    Heartwarming: When This Girl Needed A Kidney, A Total Stranger Sniffed Around In A Field Until He Found Her One. Find Out What Kate Upton, Ryan Seacrest, And Jane Curtin Have To Say. How Many Of These Thanksgiving Traditions Do You Do With Your Family?. Wow: Chris Pratt Visited A Sick Fan In The Hospital But You Can Kinda Tell It Was Just To Check Out His Huge Tumor. No Family Required: 8 Tips To Help You Host The Perfect Friendsgiving. 7 Stunning  "After " Pictures That Will Blow You Away. Find Out What Adele, Slash, And Martha Stewart Have To Say.    The Kindest Man Alive: Jon Hamm Made Crepes For A Beached Whale. I Zapped Myself. A New Age Of Exploration: NASA Announced Plans To Launch A Rover That Will Spray Milk All Over Pluto By 2040. Progress: This Video Game Features A Protagonist In A Wheelchair. Find Out What Yoko Ono, Kirsten Dunst, And Casey Affleck Have To Say. Please Allow These Gentlemen To Show You Their Bells. Andy Kaufman Is Still Alive, Unless He Was The Guy I Hit With My Car Last Night.   
 Above And Beyond: Obama Spent His Entire Morning Fishing Drowned Tourists Out Of The Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool. The 5 Most Plausible Theories As To What The Inside Of A Neck Looks Like. There's A New Kind Of Bicycle And It's Seriously The Coolest Thing Ever. Find Out What Alexander Wang, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, And Mila Kunis Have To Say. 10 Things Captains Going Down With The Ship Are Tired Of Hearing. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Signs you're The Problem Roommate.   
 How Many Of These Sweatshirt Strings Have You Chewed On?. Progress: The Boy Scouts Are Posthumously Awarding Freddie Mercury The Oceanography Badge. Book Lovers Rejoice! Thomas Pynchon Has Released A Photograph Of His Mouth. Find Out What Brad Pitt, Rachel Maddow, And Maria Sharapova Have To Say. Save The World! Replace These Oil Spills With Delicious Soup. Give An Oscar To The Circus Already. Interesting: Tim Burton Revealed That He Got The Idea For Edward Scissorhands From Scissors.    Forbidden: This Car Crosses A Crosswalk. Find Out What Emily Blunt, Rosanna Arquette, And Cameron Crowe Have To Say. Can You Lose 8 Pounds?. He's Back: Jeb Bush's Poll Numbers Are Surging After His Name Was Discovered On The Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Disturbing: Ex-SeaWorld Trainer Reveals What It Was Like Getting Splashed All The Time. 7 Classic  "80s Movies That Would Have Been Over In 5 Minutes If Cell Phones Had Existed. Can You Match The Renowned Scientist To The Slime They Made?.    So Good: Baristas Pull Amazing Prank On Their Manager. Find Out What James Deen, Jessica Biel, And John Mellencamp Have To Say. If They Ever Want To Put Jimmy Carter In An  "Iron Man' Movie, They Should Record Those Scenes Now. Jim Henson's Newly Discovered Journal Reveals The Muppets " Fascinating Backstory. How Many Of These Classic MTV Shows Have You Seen?. The Stories In  "The Flintstones " Are Powerful, But They Probably Didn't Literally Happen. Incredible: This Man Looked For Parking For 15 Minutes While His Friends Went On Without Him.   
 Find Out What Norah Jones, Helen Hunt, And Stephen King Have To Say. 8 Things You Should Never Do When You Have A Crush On Someone. Campaign Setback: A Thought Bubble With Pornography Inside Of It Has Appeared Over Bernie Sanders " Head. Diversify These Workplaces!. My Infant Son Has A 43% On Rotten Tomatoes. Does Anyone Know How This Happened?. Going The Distance: This Couple Showed Their Support For The Gay Community By Having A Gay Son. Find Out What Paul Krugman, Aziz Ansari, And Sofia Coppola Have To Say.    Facepalm: These Are The 6 Biggest Product Recalls In History. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Things Only Computer Programmers Will Understand. I Was There When That Dog Told The Son Of Sam To Kill All Those People And I Did Nothing. Find Out What Daniel Craig, The Dalai Lama, And Busy Philipps Have To Say. Shrink Down These Cyclists " Weirdly Huge Calves A Little. Heavy Lies The Crown: This 10-Year-Old Was Just Entrusted With His Own Hotel Room Key.   
 I Hope The New  "Star Wars " Movie Has A Lot Of Landos In It. Your Flight's Been Delayed. Can You Kill 5 Hours At The Airport?. Find Out What Anthony Bourdain, Felicity Huffman, And Hugh Jackman Have To Say. Very Ethical: This Slaughterhouse Lets The Animals Get A Few Shots In Before They Kill Them. Trouble In Paradise? Beyonce And Jay Z Just Bought Separate Grave Plots. Beautiful: Christian Bale Honored A Deceased Fan's Wish To Be Buried Inside Of Him. We Put 8 Teens In A Room With A Gun And Pretty Soon Human Nature Took Over.    Find Out What Kevin Durant, Meredith Vieira, And Amanda Peet Have To Say. Girls Answer The Most Common Questions Guys Google About Girls. 6 Job Offers I Received After Listing My Job Title On LinkedIn As  "Treasure Horse ". True Heroes: These Paramedics Wear Candy Necklaces For Injured People To Eat As They're Carried To Safety. 6 Reasons Why The Fall Of The Berlin Wall Did Not Bring About The End Of Walls. Find Out What Michael Phelps, Diane Sawyer, And Jessica Chastain Have To Say. We Asked 22 Limo Drivers About The Worst Time Someone Got Sucked Out Of Their Car After Opening The Sunroof.   
 I Am Ready To Kill More Birds. Can We Guess What Year Pearl Harbor Happened Based On Your Favorite Crab?. Video Tutorial: How To Zoom In Really Close On Pictures Of Bruce Springsteen. 8 Marsupials We're Just Going To Throw Out Unless Bindi Irwin Wants Them. Find Out What Chelsea Clinton, Edward Norton, And Bradley Cooper Have To Say. Take A Break And Play A Nice, Relaxing Game Of Solitaire!. Next Week On ClickHole.    9 Things Only People From Texas Will Understand. 9 Things People Who Went To Harvard Are Tired Of Hearing. Taking A Stand: Jeff Bridges Has Announced That He Will Only Perform Nude Scenes From Now On. Find Out What Anne Hathaway, J.J. Abrams, And Barbara Boxer Have To Say. Wow! This Woman Spent $75 On Plastic Surgery To Look Like Angelina Jolie. The 7 Best James Bond Theme Songs. Everyone Likes Mayonnaise, But Nobody Likes My Grandson.   
 Find Out What Mike Huckabee, Keith Urban, And Quentin Tarantino Have To Say. Murder, Cheat, And Fuck Your Way Through Boston. Guess Who Just Got Herself Another IMDb Credit!. 20 Things No One Tells You About Moving To San Francisco. A Tremendous Honor: The U.S. Government Just Unveiled A Statue Of Ronald Reagan Lying Facedown In A Hammock. Much Better! Someone Recut The  "Thelma & Louise " Ending To Be Body-Positive. An Emotional Tribute: Whenever A Celebrity Dies, This Woman Adds Them To Her Family Photo.   
 An Emotional Tribute: Whenever A Celebrity Dies, This Woman Adds Them To Her Family Photo. Does Anyone Have Takeru Kobayashi's Contact Information?. Find Out What Andie MacDowell, David Brooks, And Sergey Brin Have To Say. The 7 Most Casual Aerosmith Fans On Earth. 7 Classic Sitcom Characters Who Were Unrecognizable In The Pilot. Can I Tell You My One Thing About Snails?. Find Out What Gregg Popovich, Adam Silver, And Kelly Rowland Have To Say.   
 Abuse Of Power: President Obama Could Probably Steal From Home Depot And Not Get In Trouble. I Still Don't Know Who Was In The Mrs. Doubtfire Costume. The Wait Is Over: The Man With The Rope Is Back And He's More Damp Than Ever. It Happened To Me: I Found The Drowned Corpse Of Renowned Chess Player Bobby Fischer Sealed Inside My Waterbed. 6 Up-And-Coming Stars You Could Probably Still Get To Come To Your House If You Offered Them Free Supper. 7 Experiences Every AIM Addict Remembers. 5 Salads With More Calories Than A Big Mac.    Find Out What Heidi Klum, Fiona Apple, And Robert De Niro Have To Say. Please, No One Come Trick-Or-Treating To My House This Year, For I Will Be Masturbating To Pornography. Inspiring: This Man Only Has One Leg, But For Halloween He's Dressing Up As A Pair Of Legs. Whoa: Apparently This Guy Is Going To Wear His Mask All Night. 6 Tasteful Halloween Costumes You Can Wear To Your U.S. Citizenship Naturalization Ceremony. If I See Anyone Dressed Like Sirhan Sirhan This Halloween, They Will Be Getting A Piece Of My Mind. Find Out What T.I., Channing Tatum, And J. Cole Have To Say.    Some Freaky Stuff!. The Stories Behind 7 Of The World's Most Iconic Logos. Want To Jump In A Leaf Pile? This Simulator Is Here To Help. Find Out What Claire Danes, Miles Teller, And Drake Have To Say. It's Halloween! Can You Trick-Or-Treat Your Way To A Massive Candy Haul?. 9 Bob Dylan Lyrics That Prove Rock And Roll Can Be Poetry. Dream Come True! The Make-A-Wish Foundation Built A City To House All Terminally Ill Children.    Latest Attack: ISIS Just Replaced The  "Friends " Laugh Track With Someone Making Negative Comments About Ross. Sorry: This Feel-Good Story About A Fraternity Helping Veterans With PTSD Isn't Quite Enough To Change Your View On Frats. Is Anyone Epileptic?. Sometimes I Wonder If People Only Visit Me For The 2,000-Pound Pumpkin In My Yard. Find Out What Brian Williams, Pink, And Jack Nicholson Have To Say. Sandra Bullock Perfectly Shut Down A Reporter Who Asked Her For A Haircut. Please Take 2 Minutes And Complete This Beverage Pleasure Survey.    I'm Finally Ready To Apologize For Causing The Columbia Shuttle Disaster With My Bow And Arrow. Awesome! This Sign Tells People Exactly Where The Tomatoes Are. PC Culture Run Amok? This School Is Majority Black. Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum Have The Best Bromance Ever. Find Out What Jeff Bezos, Cate Blanchett, And Cameron Diaz Have To Say. Folks, I Am Back In The Doghouse. The Tree With Legs For Leaves No Longer Kicks When You Go Near It, Which Means That Fall Is Officially Here.   
 Worry Your Mom By Sending Her These Pictures Of The Paris Catacombs With Captions Claiming You Live There. Touching Tribute: Dove Is Making A Soap That Smells Like Wes Craven. Incredible! Watch This Man Realize The One Person He Really Wanted To Come To The Party Isn't Coming. Find Out What Karen O, Hugh Dancy, And Anthony Hopkins Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Millennial Paradise: America's Young People Are Fleeing Big Cities For This Quiet 9-Hole Golf Course In Missouri. I Never Want To Understand Sand.   
 Find Out What Werner Herzog, Savannah Guthrie, And Tone Loc Have To Say. How Many Of These Hayao Miyazaki Films Have You Seen?. 8 Things All Single Parents Are Tired Of Hearing. 8 Things You Should Never Say To Someone Who Is Adopted. Freaky: It's Impossible To Tell Whether The Neighbors With A Small House And A Speedboat In Their Driveway Are Rich Or Not. 12 Ski Instructors We Dressed Up As Doctors For This List. How To Announce That Your Dad Is Feeling Nauseated On LinkedIn.   
 Can You Get Over Your Ex?. Find Out What Kacey Musgraves, Marissa Mayer, And Don Lemon Have To Say. Are You A Good Gift-Giver?. Saying Goodbye: China Just Performed An Enormous Military Funeral For Sean Penn. Justice At Last: Dartmouth Is Awarding Bill Cosby An Honorary Degree So That They Can Revoke It. About Time: A Woman Will Finally Be Featured On This Man's Back Tattoo. Robert ...De Niro!!.   
 Awesome! This Man Can List Nearly Every  "Back To The Future " Movie. Find Out What Tim Curry, Kid Rock, And Joan Cusack Have To Say. A Snake Is Biting Me Right Now.. 7 Pairs Of Pants That I Wasn't Sure If You Wanted Me To Throw Out. 8 Things Nobody Tells You About Owning Your First Haunted House. Find Out What Erin Andrews, Ivanka Trump, And Jermaine Jackson Have To Say. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Ate A Chili Pepper So Hot His Head Turned Into A Nuclear Explosion.    How Many Of These Steve Jobs Biographies Have You Read?. Nice! This Badass Dad Built His Kids The Ultimate  "Frozen "-Themed Treehouse And Pretty Much Clinched Full Custody. Ready To Win: LeBron James Spent The Entire Offseason Thinking About Jumping. Get Excited, Ornithologists: There Are Birds!. We Don't Know How To Make GIFs, So We Had This Guy Make A Surprised Face 200 Times In A Row. 7 Things All Picky Eaters Know To Be True. Find Out What Pat Sajak, Susan Sarandon, And Amanda Bynes Have To Say.   
 Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Ways To Make A Long-Distance Relationship Work. For Years, I Was A Bigot. Then I Took A Karate Class. Now I'm A Bigot Who Knows Karate.. 5 Stunning Tropical Birds That Won't Let Me Anywhere Near My Father's Carcass. Can You Match These Sherlock Holmes Mysteries To Their Solutions?. Find Out What Guillermo Del Toro, Carole King, And Morgan Freeman Have To Say. Can You Comfort This Dying Horse With Some Bible Stories?.   
 Eerie: These Two Strangers, Thousands Of Miles Apart, Have Almost The Exact Same Initials. True Heroes: When Nobody Came To This 12-Year-Old's Birthday Party, The Entire United States Military Showed Up To Celebrate With Him. Get The Tissues Ready: The 10 Saddest TV Deaths Of All Time. Can You Become The Next Great Daredevil?. Find Out What Kathryn Bigelow, Prince, And Harrison Ford Have To Say. Heartbreaking: This Mother Gorilla Has Been Carrying A Broken  "Goodfellas " DVD For Days. Well-Deserved: When This Mail Carrier Announced His Retirement After 47 Years, The Post Office Let Him Deliver Benicio Del Toro's Mail.   
 5 Scientific Discoveries That Wouldn't Have Been Possible Without A Little Help From The Big Man Upstairs. Behold These Wonders From Afar: Pine Apples, The Edible Jewels Of The Far East. Too Cute! Watch This 5-Year-Old's Reaction To Learning He's Going To Be A Twin Brother. Find Out What Robert Downey Jr., Gigi Hadid, And Billy Baldwin Have To Say. Taking A Stand: Dunkin' Donuts Has Just Announced That It Will Perform One Abortion. The 7 Stages Of Getting Over A Breakup. It's Time To Remove God From The Pledge Of Allegiance And Then Make The Damn Thing Rhyme.    Tone Down These Runners " Bright Neon Shoes. This  "Game Of Thrones " Supercut Is Awesome, But It's Anyone's Guess What's Tying It All Together. Find Out What George Clooney, Martha Stewart, And Chirlane McCray Have To Say. Anyone Who Says There's No God But Allah Has Never Met My Dad. What Is Your Basketball IQ?. 5 Majestic Whales And Then 1 Doofus Whale That Got Scuffed Up By A Boat. This Eye-Opening Video Lets You Know How Much Each Member Of The Bush Family Currently Weighs.    Find Out What Demi Lovato, James Cameron, And Miley Cyrus Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Bowling Memories Do You Have?. 18 Facts About The Ocean That Will Blow Your Mind. Astounding: 7 Incredible Photos Of Hands Pointing To Glasses Of Milk With Their Ring Fingers. 7 Promising Young Novelists Who Would Benefit Immeasurably From A Residency At My Remote Chateau. Find Out What Kirsten Dunst, Peter Dinklage, And Tony Bennett Have To Say.   
 10 Things People Who Grew Up With A Jewish Mother Know To Be True. This Thought-Provoking Video Shows What The World Would Be Like If No One Smoked. Get The Tissues Ready: The Note A Customer Wrote On This Waitress's Face Is Truly Beautiful. This Professional Recruiter Tells You Exactly What She Looks For In A Job Applicant. Find Out What Padma Lakshmi, Peter Mayhew, And Matthew Weiner Have To Say. you're A Single-Celled Organism. Can You Evolve Into A Duck?. The Problem With  "The Flash ": Why Doesn't Flash Run To Italy For Pasta Every Meal?.    7 Body Language Mistakes To Avoid. Potter Fans Rejoice! A New Edition Will Have Pages That Feel Like The Characters " Skin. Heartwarming: Jeff Gordon Let A Longtime Fan Drive His Car Right Into A Wall. Take This Cognitive Behavioral Test To See If You Are A Psychopath. Inspiring: Watch This Man Use Every Inch Of A Tissue. Find Out What Joy Behar, Hope Solo, And Judi Dench Have To Say. Bittersweet: Marilyn Monroe Would Have Died Today.    When's Everyone Free?. How To Contour Your Face For These 6 Easy Looks!. These Recently Uncovered Ancient Texts Show What A Normal Day In Rome Was Like 2,000 Years Ago. Cool Find! Someone Left A Perfectly Good Framed Photo Of A Cyclist Lying By The Side Of The Road. Check Out This Amazing Time-Lapse Of One Woman's Road Trip To The Store. Coming Clean: Jason Statham Tearfully Admitted Yesterday That He Did His Own Stunts. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Space Oddity "?.    Find Out What Kenny Chesney, Ken Follett, And Ellen Page Have To Say. Let's Load Up These Taco Shells!. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Is In The Hospital After Kissing A Lady That Turned Out To Be A Stack Of Dynamite In A Dress. 8 Famous Literary Dedications That Are Everything. How Selfless Are You?. Incredibly Kind: Someone Left An Entire Wallet In The Backseat For A Cab Driver!. Progress: The Supreme Court Just Legalized Marriage Between 9 People Who Are Very Much In Love.    Can't Go On Reddit At Work? This Man Checks It Out For You. Find Out What Kendrick Lamar, Anne Hathaway, And Rod Stewart Have To Say. 11 Things All Women Who Lift Weights Are Sick Of Hearing. Next Week On ClickHole. All Movies Are Box-Office Bonanzas. What Is Your Knowledge Of An Egg?. Can Someone Recommend A Good Wife Or Husband For Just Shooting Hoops With?.   
 All Of My Daughter's Parent-Teacher Conferences Ranked By How Loudly Her Teacher Begged Me To Clip Her Fingernails. Find Out What Emily Blunt, Michael McDonald, And Alex Rodriguez Have To Say. 10 Signs You Were Raised In An Atheist Household. Ultimate Fan: This  "90s Kid Spent Over $100,000 On Plastic Surgery To Look Like The And1 Guy. Amazing: Check Out These Letters Between Jonathan Franzen And David Foster Wallace. With The Money The U.S. Spends On Defense Every Year, They Could Be Paying Me A Billion Dollars To Eat My Dog. 5 Amazing Superhero Debuts In Comic Books.    you're A Taxi Driver. Can You Make It In New York City?. Find Out What Tobey Maguire, Bryce Dallas Howard, And Elon Musk Have To Say. Their Finest Moments: The 6 Greatest Triumphs In NASA History. Will It Be October?. 8 Things All Nannies Know To Be True. Wow! When A Stranger Asked To Use His Cell Phone, This Man Managed Not To Let On That He Was Nervous About It!. If Arnold From  "Hey Arnold! " Were Real, He Would Have Been Cleaned Out By Bernie Madoff In 2008.   
 5 Reasons Why Timothy McVeigh Should Not Be On A Stamp. The Next Great American: This Man Is Even Taller Than Martin Luther King Jr.. Find Out What Dennis Quaid, Julia Roberts, And Joe Pantoliano Have To Say. Goodbye Chickens And Cows! Scientists Have Developed A Single Animal Capable Of Producing Milk, Eggs, Meat, And Grain. Are You Ready To Be A Parent?. Exploring #JumpZooFenceSelfie, The Internet's Most Dangerous Hashtag. There Needs To Be A Restaurant For People Who Just Want To Pet The Spinning Meat.   
 An Open Letter To President Obama About Snakes. Freaky Coincidence: Apparently A Night Like Tonight Was Exactly What This Woman Needed. Progress: This Video Game Presents A Realistic Portrayal Of Eating Disorders. Find Out What Tim Cook, David Copperfield, And Carrie Brownstein Have To Say. I Spent 10 Days At A Silent Meditation Retreat But Somehow Only 6 Nights. Please Help Me.. 6 Ways Nerds Have It Better Than Ever. Do You Know The Appropriate Amount About Rhode Island?.   
 Inspiring! These Women Came Together To Promote Vodka. So Sweet! Watch This Sleepy Bear Cub Come Out Of His Burrow After A Long Hibernation. Find Out What Ryan Seacrest, Connie Britton, And Josh Gad Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Bruce Springsteen Lyrics That Say It All. This One Comic Perfectly Sums Up What It's Like To Live With Depression. 5 Television Moments That Changed The World Forever.   
 The 8 Biggest Mistakes People Make On Their First Driving Test. Find Out What E.L. James, Barack Obama, And Winona Ryder Have To Say. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Raiders of the Lost Ark ". I Liked  "Black Mass " Until Johnny Depp Shot A Guy Who I Think Was Supposed To Be Me. 6 People My Daughter Would Call Before Me In An Emergency. When A Surgeon Saved Her Husband's Life, This Woman Bought Him Iodine To Say Thank You. 8 Things Twins Are Tired Of Hearing.    Find Out What Paul Thomas Anderson, Gwyneth Paltrow, And Martin Freeman Have To Say. Can You Keep Up A Conversation With Your Dad?. 7 Signs you're The Black Sheep Of The Family. Stepping Up: When Their School Dissolved Its ROTC Program, These Students Formed Their Own Paramilitary Group. Finished At Last: France Finally Sent The U.S. The Statue Of Liberty's Husband. Needless To Say, I Am Excited For Another Great Year Of Television!. 5 Ways To Personalize Your New Car.    When I Stopped Hating My Body, I Could Finally See What Was Objectively Wrong With It. Find Out What John Stamos, Fetty Wap, And Ava DuVernay Have To Say. Look At This Chilling Photo Of JFK Taken 10 Minutes Before His Death. This Man Just Became The First To Climb Everest And See All Of The  "Halloween' Movies. Real Or Fake? This Man Walks Down A Staircase Without Once Touching The Railings. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Billie Jean "?. The Symbols And Stories Behind 8 State Flags.    I Recently Upgraded To Spotify Premium And Now It Constantly Posts Pictures Of Me Spooning An Upright Bass On My Facebook. How Do You Turn This Setting Off?. 7 Tips For Giving A Killer Wedding Speech. Latest Attack: ISIS Just Put The Pentagon On eBay. Find Out What Alfonso Cuaron, Uma Thurman, And Drew Barrymore Have To Say. People Whistling Or People Forced To Eat Their Own Fingers As Part Of A Stipulation In The Will Of Their Late Father?. This Artist Boldly Reimagined Edward Snowden With Long Hair. Princess Diana :(.   
 When This Waitress Told A Customer About Her Financial Woes, He Made Her Pay Him $100 For Bumming Him Out. Luckiest Man Ever? This Veterinarian Was Performing An Autopsy On A Pig And Found A Whole Peanut Inside Of Him!. Sickening: Someone Made A Tribute To Bugs. Find Out What Martin Scorsese, Michael Phelps, And Maya Rudolph Have To Say. 6 Increasingly Blurry Pictures Of George Clooney To Help You Get Used To The Idea That He's Not Always Going To Be Around. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Things Pit Bull Owners Are Tired Of Hearing.    ClickHole's Official 2015 Emmys Bingo Card. How Many Of These Prince Songs Do You Know?. Bold Move: Malawi Just Called Julia Roberts Their National Treasure. 8 Rejection Letters Publishers Sent To Famous Authors. Find Out What Rose McGowan, Jeb Bush, And Brendan Fraser Have To Say. Much Better: Someone Replaced The Characters In The Saddest Movie Deaths With Saddam Hussein. Everything We Currently Know About Tubes.    Brilliant: This 25-Year-Old Hired A Look-Alike So He Wouldn't Have To Try Korean Side Dishes. Ever Wonder What JFK Would Look Like Today? This Guy Seems Pretty Close. These Third-Graders " Letters To Their Teacher About How Smooth Their Wood Desks Are Will Warm Your Heart. Sharpen Your Knives! Can You Beat The World's Greatest Chef In A Cooking Competition?. Find Out What Morgan Webb, Billy Joel, And Peter Buck Have To Say. 6 Tricks For Making Your Smartphone Battery Last All Day. Whoa! J.K. Rowling Just Revealed That Philip Seymour Hoffman Is Also Dead In The  "Harry Potter " Universe.    Awesome! Channing Tatum Has Been Cast As Walt Whitman In The Next James Bond Movie. The Kindness Of Strangers: When The Mars Rover Got Stuck In A Ditch, This Man Showed Up To Help. Does Anyone Have Any Allergies I Should Know About?. Ruin The Beatles By Turning Paul McCartney Into Patrick Ewing!. Find Out What Emma Stone, Chris Christie, And Kevin Durant Have To Say. 16 Goddamn Deer I Accidentally Hit On My Way Out Of The Movie Theater Parking Lot. Leading By Example: Meet The One-Percenter Who's Staying Grounded By Driving His Own Limousine.    Close Call: The Secret Service Just Caught Barack Obama Trying To Pull His Own Head Off. How Many Of These Nervous Tics Do You Have?. 8 Ways To Eat More Eco-Friendly. Heartbreaking: Twin Brothers Beg Themselves To Stop Wrestling. Find Out What Betty White, Justin Timberlake, And Will Smith Have To Say. How High Is Your Emotional Intelligence?. When This Boy Wanted To Visit Disneyland Before He Died, The Park Refused To Lift His Lifetime Ban.    8 Things People With Tattoos Are Tired Of Hearing. The Sleeping Habits Of 5 Geniuses. 7 Dream Goons Everyone Wishes Would Work Them Over. Find Out What David Hockney, Angelina Jolie, And Idris Elba Have To Say. Remember Tank Man From China's Tiananmen Square Protest? Well Now He's Finally Getting A Tank. How To Craft The Perfect Opening Line On Tinder. Next Week On ClickHole.   
 How Catholic Was Your Childhood?. 7 Actors Who Are Notoriously Hard To Work With. It's 2 Uses For Vinegar. The Ultimate Hoarder? This Woman Has Kept Her Late Husband's Letters For Over 60 Years. Find Out What Nate Silver, Molly Ringwald, And Carlos Ghosn Have To Say. We Asked 22 Lifeguards About The Life They Most Regret Saving. Use The Sliders To Give These Only Children Some Siblings!.   
 Science FTW: Researchers Have Made A Major Cancer Breakthrough You'll Somehow Never Hear About Again. Find Out What Bill Gates, Bradley Cooper, And Kathryn Bigelow Have To Say. Wow: This Complex Goose Flying Formation Proves Just How Amazing Birds Are. Have A Low-Key Forest Adventure!. 7 Signs you're The Mom Of Your Friend Group. Incredible! This Guy's Whole Carpool Tore His Favorite Song Apart And He Said Nothing!. The  "New York Times " New Viral Advertising Campaign Is Taking The Internet By Storm.    The  "New York Times " New Viral Advertising Campaign Is Taking The Internet By Storm. America's Mad Scientist: 24 Hours With Elon Musk. Louise In  "Louise Makes A Mess! ". 6 Great Starters For Cross-Country Conversation. Find Out What Bill Maher, Giada De Laurentiis, And David Tutera Have To Say. So Apparently There Is Something Called A Salmon And It's Freaking Adorable. 6 Controversial Psychological Experiments That Could Never Happen Today.    9 Gizmos, Shirts, And Hardworking Men I Would Like Buried With Me In My Tomb. 7 Pictures You Definitely Weren't Expecting To See Right Now. Extraordinary Discovery: Paleontologists Have Unearthed The World's First Single-Boned Dinosaur. Too Cute For Words: This Little Boy Sent George Lucas A Fan Letter, So George Lucas Took A Shower In The Boy's House. Taking A Stand: Andrew Garfield Has Announced That He Never Wants To Throw Up. Find Out What Felicity Huffman, Mike Trout, And Lisa Kudrow Have To Say. Beautiful! This Woman Eventually Gets Her USB Cord Plugged In.   
 7 Things You Should Know When Planning Your First Backpacking Trip. Next Week On ClickHole. 6 Things You Should NEVER Say To Someone Who Is Grieving. How Many Of These Things Are On Your Wedding Registry?. Shakespeare Couldn't Have Written All Those Plays, But I Bet He Could've Kicked My Goddamn Ass. 10 Tips To Write The Perfect Cover Letter. Find Out What Justin Bieber, Jennifer Aniston, And Courtney Love Have To Say.    All 6 Schulman Family Reunions In Order Of Casualty Count. This 4-Year-Old's Smile Is Absolutely Adorable If You Can Make It Through The First Two Minutes Of Her Blank Stare. This Is What Prison Is Like In Sweden. 5 Car Hacks We Can't Believe You Never Knew About. Find Out What J.K. Rowling, Tim Gunn, And John Oliver Have To Say. Coolest Mom Ever? This Woman Is 19. Can You Keep An Eye On The Pope For Just 5 Minutes?.   
 Can You Match These Long-Haired Men To Their Tall, Tired-Looking Girlfriends?. 5 Movie Credits That Are Worth Sitting Through Till The End. Heartwarming: This Sick Kid Decided To Use His Last Breaths To Blow Up Gerard Butler's Air Mattress. Luckiest Man Ever? This Guy Goes On The Computer All Day For A Job!. Progress! This Video Game's Protagonist Is A Deaf Woman. Find Out What Michael McDonald, Kate Moss, And Andy Serkis Have To Say. Gently Close The Eyes Of The Newly Deceased.    He's Palestinian. She's Israeli. Both Of Them Incorrectly Summarize The Movie  "Blade. ". 6 Vintage Cars That Have An Honest-To-God Fully Accredited Dentist Inside Them. 7 Simple Things You Can Do Right Now To Make Your Computer Run Faster. When This Teacher's School Couldn't Afford Supplies, She Bought Them Herself Like Some Kind Of Big Shot. Sex-Positive Culture Still Has A Long Way To Go Before It Catches Up With My Weird And Baffling Penis. Look At This Amazing Letter Meryl Streep Wrote Steven Spielberg Asking To Play E.T. From Nearly 20 Years After The Film Was Released. 7 Celebrities Who Would Not Show My Grandmother Physical Intimacy One Final Time.    Find Out What Liz Phair, Chiwetel Ejiofor, And Miles Teller Have To Say. Outrage Fans Rejoice! This Man Says A Series Of Offensive Statements And Then Stands There Quietly So That You Can Yell At Him. Are You High-Maintenance?. Running Into Your Ex: An Etiquette Guide. 6 Thoughts Every Teacher Has On The First Day Back To School. I Am Coming To Touch Your Computer. Find Out What Drake, Kaley Cuoco, And Antonio Banderas Have To Say.   
 Heartwarming: The Curvy Road From The Car Commercials Visited A Sick Fan In The Hospital. How Many Of These Franz Kafka Stories Have You Read?. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Things Only Your Big Sister Can Do For You. Aww! These Photos Of Animals With Their Children Are Going To Melt Your Hand. Will You Kiss My Friend Parthik?. Find Out What Diane Lane, Elisha Cuthbert, And The Bad Guy From  "Kindergarten Cop " Have To Say.   
 This One-Man A Cappella Cover Of  "Bad Blood " Is Incredible. Ever Wonder What The President's Wife Looks Like? We've Got You Covered.. Stuff Some Goddamn Vegetables Into These Blue-Tongued Kids " Mouths. Terrible Timing: Madame Tussauds Just Unveiled 35 Identical Wax Sculptures Of Jared Fogle. Equality Win: They're Finally Putting A Woman On The American Flag. Find Out What Angela Lansbury, Olivia Wilde, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. You Are The World's Greatest Computer Hacker.    5 Financial Crises That Nearly Destroyed The U.S. Economy. Look Your Best: The 7 Most Slimming Trains To Stand Next To. Inspiring: When This Trans Teen Ran For Homecoming Queen, Her Community Took It One Step Further And Made Her City Treasurer. We Let Ed Sheeran Guest-Edit This List Of Fluffy Otters And He Did A Bad Job. If You Thought Blimps Couldn't Go Backwards you're In For A Shock. Find Out What David Simon, Vin Scully, And Matt Pinfield Have To Say. How To Make Your Hair Look Wet.   
 7 People Who Were Rejected As Audience Members On  "The Dr. Oz Show " But Still Became Successful. 7 Baseball Records That Will Never Be Broken. This Is The Handbook Each Actor Who Plays Aladdin At Disney World Is Given. Everything We Know About The Previous Meeting Based On What They Left On The Whiteboard. Find Out What Elle Fanning, Jared Padalecki, And Henry Cavill Have To Say. How Many Of These Velvet Underground Songs Have You Heard?. 6 Grammy Winners Tell Us About The Moment That Made Them Want To Be Musicians.    6 Easy Ways To Turn Ordinary Chicken Breasts Into Extraordinary Meals. I Won't Let My Kids Eat Vegetables Because I Heard Those Fuckers Are Alive. Wow: Watch This Woman Totally Shut Down A Catcaller. 8 Boy Scouts Who Are Going To Get Eaten Alive When They Move Up To Eagle. How Many Of These Missing Children Have You Found?. Find Out What Peter Jackson, Sylvester Stallone, And Julianna Margulies Have To Say. Internet Win: The Wikipedia Page For Racism Is Getting Absolutely Destroyed.    How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Hotel California "?. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Reasons Everyone Should Learn How To Code. Yeah, Moms Fuckin' Love Me. 9 Signs you're Destined To Be Single. Find Out What Pope Francis, Patricia Arquette, And James Cameron Have To Say. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Dark Knight ".    How Many Of These  "The Magic School Bus " Books Have You Read?. The Definitive Ranking Of Everyone In This Chinese Dragon Costume. Got Symptoms? Diagnose Your Bad Body Here!. Find Out What Winona Ryder, Adam Driver, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. Could This Boy Be The Next Bill Gates? Not If He Keeps Hanging Out With That Devin Kid.. My Son's 6 Friends Who Sat Between Us During A Yankees Game. A World Without War: Move The Slider To Turn These Soldiers Into Jukeboxes!.   
 9 Essential Stops For Every Road Trip As Long As you're Not With Marcus. How Many Of These Metallica Songs Have You Heard?. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Had To Be Rescued After Being Compacted Into A Cube On A Factory Conveyor Belt. So Cool. This Guy Tells Us What he'd Do If He Ever Got On The Jumbotron. Find Out What Patti Smith, David Schwimmer, And Angela Merkel Have To Say. 10 Signs It May Be Time To Switch Jobs. This Restaurant Paid Its Workers Minimum Wage For 30 Years To See What It's Like To Survive On Minimum Wage.    Do You Have Cool Parents?. Remembering A Master: 6 Ways Alfred Hitchcock Transformed Cinema Forever. Remember Chris From  "Stand By Me "? Well, He Got Hot!. Incredible! This Man's Dog Just Died But He's Not Close Enough With His Coworkers To Tell Them!. Find Out What Dr. Ben Carson, Marissa Mayer, And Matt Damon Have To Say. Announcing  "Hot Mr. Online ": America's First Internet-Only Beauty Pageant. When This Father Came Out As Gay, His Teenage Son, Craig, Responded In The Most Loving Way Possible. Of Course Craig Did. Craig Is Fucking Perfect..    Horrible: ISIS Fished Up All The Catfish Out Of The Old Creek. 5 Notes From Movie Studio Executives That Ruined Would-Be Classics. How About We Bring The National Conversation On Mental Illness Stigma Back To My Place?. How Many Of These Classic Punk Bands Have You Heard?. Find Out What Prince, Stevie Nicks, And Dan Rather Have To Say. Incredible: Man Names Several Pokemon. Next Week On ClickHole.   
 Can You Match The Pigeons To The Way They're Ruining My Whole Life?. I'll Always Remember Exactly Where He Was When JFK Was Shot. 8 Tips To Get Your Baby To Sleep Through The Night. Find Out What Natalie Portman, Martin Scorsese, And George Lucas Have To Say. 8 Tips For Meeting People In A New City. Incredible! Taylor Swift Perfectly Shut Down This Hater By Slowly And Calculatedly Destroying His Life Over The Course Of Many Years. Taking A Stand: Reynolds Wrap Has Banned Daniel Tosh From Using Its Products Because Of His 2012 Rape Joke.   
 We Asked 8 Actors To Tell Us What Kind Of Batman they'd Be. This Memorial To The Cast Of  "Brooklyn Nine-Nine " Hopefully Won't Be Needed Anytime Soon. Find Out What Donna Tartt, Mark Hoppus, And Naomi Watts Have To Say. you're A Bird! Do You Have What It Takes To Survive In The Wild?. 10 Things Moms In The  "80s Said To Their Kids That They Could Never Say Today. We Made Bakers Watch Their Loaves Be Turned Into Bread Bowls. America On The Move!.    Bill Murray's Surprise Appearance Made This Couple's Wedding Unforgettable!. An Oral History Of Facebook. Find Out What Chuck Palahniuk, Carrie Fisher, And Julianne Moore Have To Say. Someone Overdubbed  "The Godfather " With The  "Donkey Kong " Soundtrack And Francis Ford Coppola Has Vowed Revenge. 8 Unsung Heroes Of The American Revolution. 8 Experiences Everyone Has On Birthright. 5 People Tell Us About Their Worst Experience Working In Retail.   
 Incredible: Lewis And Clark's Sketches Of The Animals They Encountered On Their Journey Will Blow You Away. How Many Of These Classic Arcade Games Have You Played?. Find Out What Lester Holt, Phyllis Smith, And Michael Vick Have To Say. Mark, The Motherfucking Renaissance Man Himself. Cuteness Overload: This Baby And This Jackal Came From The Woods And Are Best Friends. This Woman's Response To A Catcaller Isn't Perfect, But It Can Be Easy To Get Thrown Off By Something Like That. Oof! Watch This Guy Get Kicked Right In The Crunchbasket.    Are You A Natural-Born Leader?. Oh, No, Is This The Blog Post Where I Say I Still Support Bill Cosby?. 10 Things To NEVER Say To Your Bartender. Find Out What Mark Ruffalo, Blake Lively, And Jack Black Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Good News! You Are Wolverine!. How Many Of These  "Berenstain Bears " Books Have You Read?.    These Brutally Honest Confessions From Moms Will Make You Smile. 8 Signs you're Practically A Member Of Your Best Friend's Family. I Need Everyone's T-Shirt Size. Find Out What Jay Z, Janet Jackson, And Jessica Lange Have To Say. 8 Signs you're The Unholy Amalgamation Of Personality Traits Known As The Ambivert. Making A Difference: These Barely Legal Teens Got Together And Cleaned Up Their Local Park. Please Tag All Cookout Photos With #Cookout So Fans Like Me Can Find Them More Easily.   
 Freaky: These Are The Same 2 Cars. Find Out What Anthony Hopkins, Mick Jagger, And Diane Keaton Have To Say. 9 Pairs Of Celebs We're Dying To See Shake Hands. You Are The Bouncer At The Trendiest Bar In Town. Can You Keep Trouble Out?. Things Only Your BFF Does For You. It's Our Duty To Support The Troops And The Second Amendment In Case We Ever Need To Kill Them All. Are You A Total Tomboy?.    Innovative: Toyota Is Saving Cyclists " Lives By Adding Ramps To Their Car Doors. This Man Used To Think The  "D " In The Disney Logo Was A  "G " Until A Radical Brain Procedure Fixed Him. I Want To Apologize For Whatever Role  "Smells Like Nirvana " Had In Kurt Cobain's Suicide. Find Out What Ted Danson, Lois Lowry, And Patrick Wilson Have To Say. Victory: Lawnmower On Pavement. Flying Now vs. Flying In The  "60s. 6 Pictures Of Me That I Really Hope Make You Say  "What A Handsome Man ".   
 8 Friends You Need To Drop From Your Life Immediately. Science FTW! Researchers Taught This Gorilla Sign Language And He Immediately Came Out As Gay To His Father. All The Seats In The Car ...Ranked. I Don't Let My Kids Watch Winnie The Pooh Because I Don't Want Them Idolizing A Fat Virgin. Find Out What Gabrielle Union, Hugh Hefner, And Bradley Cooper Have To Say. 8 Tips For Staying Safe During An Earthquake. What Is A Good Gift For My Very Serious Nephew?.   
 [UPDATE] Let's Do This, Internet: We're Launching A GoFundMe Campaign To Buy Bob Dylan A Brand-New Sleep Number Adjustable Bed!. Kill Your Darlings: 7 Directors Tell Us About The Best Scenes They Had To Cut Out Of Their Films. 8 Moms Doing Their Best With The Transgender Movement. Find Out What Your Sleeping Position Says About Your Personality. Awesome! This Eighth-Grader Can Moonwalk Just As Well As Michael Jackson. 9 Ways To Stand Up, Break The Norm, And Take Charge Of Your Life. Find Out What Joan Didion, Zoe Saldana, And Mark Hamill Have To Say.    Great News, Everyone: Cecil The Lion Is Alive!. Next Week On ClickHole. Heartwarming: When This Terminally Ill 6-Year-Old Wanted To Run For President, Thousands Got Together And Made It Happen. My Son Ate His Twin In The Womb And Now He "ll Only Eat Things That Look Exactly Like Him. Does Anyone Have Any Advice?. Find Out What Elizabeth Warren, Tinashe, And Michael Phelps Have To Say. 9 Photos Proving That, Sadly, Bacon Is Everything. How Many Of These Flannery O "Connor Short Stories Have You Read?.   
 Girls Share Their Worst First Date Stories. Good News! We've Created .  As A Communal Email Address For You All To Share. Food Fight.. Find Out What Jennifer Lawrence, Richard Dawkins, And Regis Philbin Have To Say. A Bunch Of Pictures That Brian Made Me Take Of His Truck. Duffton: A Shakespearean Tragedy. 10 Things You Should NEVER Say To A Newly Single Person.    This Moving Speech Of  "The West Wing " Is Still Powerful Even When Heard Through A Wall. Let Us All Join Together And Masturbate To These 8 Pictures Of  "Harry Potter " Stars Who Are Hot Now. How To Compliment Jeremy Renner On Facebook: Video Tutorial. If You Don't Like Any Of The Beautiful Fish In This List, Tell Us And We "ll Eat Them. Find Out What Rob Manfred, Deepak Chopra, And Miley Cyrus Have To Say. How Many Of These  "Baby-Sitters Club " Books Have You Read?. 7 Signs you're Addicted To Your Smartphone.    You'll Cry Because This Man Is Chinese. Who's Going To Be There?. 23 Things Guaranteed To Happen At Every Music Festival. Going The Extra Mile: This Heroic Ambulance Driver Drove For An Extra 2 Hours To Find A Hospital With 4.5 Stars On Yelp. 8 Pieces Of Misinformation You Should Confidently Tell Everyone You Know. Find Out What Jane Goodall, Matthew Perry, And Harvey Keitel Have To Say. I Was There When Fabio Got Hit By A Goose On A Roller Coaster And I Did Nothing.   
 This Is Vince Gilligan's Series Bible For  "Breaking Bad ". 11 Signs you're Dating Your Soulmate. Come On, Let's Have A Little Fun. Amazing: This Man Manages To Feel Anxious Even Though Nothing Is Wrong. What These Kids Are Doing For Their Bullied Classmate Is So Nice That We're Nervous They're Setting Him Up For Something Much Worse. Don't Tell Me It's Cool That I Broke Your Drinking Glass. I Already Knew That.. Find Out What Blake Shelton, Lisa Kudrow, And Selena Gomez Have To Say.    Next Week On ClickHole. We Asked 6 Famous Architects To Explain The Building They Always Wanted To Make, But Never Could. I Could Kill A Frog, Easy. Aren't Those My Clothes, Paul?. Find Out What Tilda Swinton, George Lucas, And Tim Cook Have To Say. Bad News, Oregon: Marijuana Is Still Illegal In The Michaelson House. We Asked 6 Pro Skateboarders About The Trick They've Always Wanted To Do, But Could Never Land.   
 American National Anthem. Australian Flag. The Results Are Beautiful.. Build Your Ideal Boyfriend With Our Boyfriend Builder!. 6 Broken Chips That Could Still Hold Salsa If You Just Gave Them A Chance. Find Out What John Travolta, Paula Deen, And Richard Gere Have To Say. The All-Time Best Songs Celebrating Barbecue Season. Are You A Smart Consumer?. Let's Wrap Up All The Current National Conversations Before Starting A New One.    How Many Of These Creatures From Greek Mythology Do You Believe In?. Find Out What Eric Clapton, Zadie Smith, And Patricia Clarkson Have To Say. 7 Genius Tips To Help Make Your Move Painless. 8 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Getting A Dog. Does Your Dentist Like You?. I'm A Guitar Center Employee Who's Delivering A Baby From The Hole Of An Acoustic Guitar. Does Anyone Have Any Advice?. Probably Illegal: This Man Is Sitting At A Playground With 2 Live Crabs In His Hands.    7 Things No One Tells You About Getting A Divorce. 8 Netflix Documentaries You Absolutely Can't Miss. Find Out What Tai Lopez, Rhea Perlman, And Beyonce Have To Say. 8 Struggles Only Third Wheels Understand. The Dark Side Of Celebrity: Chris Pratt Won't Star In A Movie Unless You Pay Him Money. How Many Of These Classic Schoolyard Games Have You Played?. 6 Of The World's Greatest Writers Explain How They Deal With Writer's Block.    How Many Of These Classic Sci-Fi Novels Have You Read?. 8 Successful Entrepreneurs Share Your Secrets. Find Out What Christy Walton, Anna Kendrick, And Stephen King Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. How I Survived The Battle Of Waterloo With Only A Smartphone And 2 Chocolate Chip Cookies. How Many Of These Grateful Dead Songs Do You Know?. Find Out What Reese Witherspoon, Eric Holder, And Matt Groening Have To Say.   
 7 Easy Ways To Reduce Your Energy Bill. 5 Embarrassing Times Presidents Accidentally Called The Nation  "Mom ". McDonald's Vs.  "Healthy " Restaurants: We Threw Both At This Man. Fans Rejoice:  "Talking Bad " Just Got Renewed For A Brand-New Season On Netflix!. Find Out What Judy Blume, Whoopi Goldberg, And Cormac McCarthy Have To Say. 7 Inspiring, Hardworking People Who Never Succeeded Because Their First Name Was Glambis. This Man Proves Any Shirt Is Reversible.    Whoa: Check Out All The Benefits These European Countries Give Their People. 6 Legendary Hip-Hop Feuds. If I Knew That Pacific Cooler Would Overshadow All The Other Great Capri Sun Flavors, I Never Would Have Invented It. 7 Words That Have No English Translation. Find Out What Pope Francis, Dr. Phil, And Tom Hanks Have To Say. 7 Former Fast Food Workers Share Industry Secrets. Did Obama Keep His Campaign Promises?.    7 People Who Went Straight To An Eddie Bauer Store After Being Released From Prison. Don't Worry, We "ll Let You Know When The Last Surviving World War II Veteran Dies. Are You Addicted To Lunch?. 7 Signs He's Not Over His Ex. Find Out What Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, And Hillary Clinton Have To Say. 10 Signs you've Got A Good Man. Awesome: There Is Probably Something Called  "CoffeeFest " Or Maybe  "BeanFest " Happening In Your Area Sometime.    9 Little Things You Can Do To Brighten Anyone's Day. 7 Ways To Jump-Start Your Morning So You Can Dominate Your Day. Find Out What Elvis Costello, Candice Bergen, And Malia Obama Have To Say. What Could You Have Possibly Said To Make Her That Upset?. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Insanely Cool Features Of Air Force One. Find Out What Bethenny Frankel, Clive Barker, And Lewis Black Have To Say.    The Little Boy From  "Jerry Maguire " Is All Grown Up And Couldn't Be Bothered To Fight For His Country. 6 Famous Entrepreneurs Tell Us Their Biggest Failures And How They Overcame Them. How Many Of These Classic Comic Strips Have You Read?. I Used To Defend The Confederate Flag But Now I Am Taking Scuba Diving Lessons. Amazing! The Waitress Got His Order Wrong, But This Man Ate It Anyway. Find Out What Hope Solo, Rosalynn Carter, And Topher Grace Have To Say. The Lives And Loves Of The ER.    This Is Simply A List Of Black People Flying Kites. Massive Bombshell: Shutterstock Just Killed Off  "Man Accepting Award ". This Cartoon Does A Bad Job Of Explaining What Privilege Is. An Oral History Of Jay Z's  "The Blueprint ". 7 Moments That 38-Year-Old Doug Kastner Would Like To See During  "Shark Week ". Find Out What Aubrey Plaza, Jim Parsons, And Bryce Harper Have To Say. Don't Have Dice? This Handy Dice Simulator Gives You A Number.    Unbelievable: This Guy Looks So Much Like Danny. These 8 Bikes WITH PEGS Would Have Made Awesome Gifts, Mom. Inspiring: When Johnny Depp Heard An 8-Year-Old Fan Was Dying Of Cancer, He Enrolled In Medical School. Turn On Private Browsing Mode Now, Because You Don't Want Anyone To Catch You Watching This. Ha! The Old Ones Ride Again!. All This Kid Wanted For His Birthday Was To See His Dead Mom One More Time And The Internet Somehow Made That Happen. Find Out What Mark Ruffalo, Nicole Kidman, And Lake Bell Have To Say.    Can You Guess These Celebrities " Nicknames?. 6 Tips For Breaking Away From Routine And Living A Totally Spontaneous Life. Litigation Ahead: The Man Who The Shrug Emoticon Is Based Off Of Is Suing. Security Crisis: The NSA Twitter Account Has Been Hacked By A Homesick German Man. 7 Signs A Relationship Is Almost Over. Please. Look At This Corn. Please.. Find Out What Kate Winslet, Keanu Reeves, And Kanye West Have To Say.    8 Mortifyingly Embarrassing Moments Every Girl Has During Puberty. This Stick Of Butter Is Left Out At Room Temperature: Patriotic Edition. 5 Ford Vehicles That Look Right At Home Next To Articles About Road Trips. 7 Reasons You Need A New Car--And Fast. If Any Terrorist Organizations Want To Use My Idea About A Walking Pyramid That Sits On The White House, That's Fine. 6 Things No One Tells You About Moving In Together. Next Week On ClickHole.    Find Out What Dave Grohl, Sophie Turner, And Rachel McAdams Have To Say. We Asked 7 Actors What Role They've Always Wanted To Play. How Much Of A Rutgers Man Are You?. The Red Dust Of Harmony Gulch: A Tale Of The Wild West. When This Homeless Man Needed To Travel To His Brother's Funeral, American Airlines Let Him Borrow A Plane. Find Out What Owen Wilson, Famke Janssen, And Mario Batali Have To Say. The Pro's Guide For Buying A Suit: 8 Rules Every Man Should Know.    Wow: Cosplayer Builds Incredible Iron Man Costume. This Crazy Fan Theory About  "Jeopardy! " Actually Makes Total Sense. This Guy Perfectly Explains Global Warming Probably. 6 Pieces Of Essential Financial Advice From Warren Buffett. We Could Use Our Technology To Stop All Car Crashes If The Symphony Of Destruction Were Not So Beautiful. 6 Daily Struggles Everyone With Allergies Will Understand. 6 Amazing Pictures Of Deer Melting That We Published Before Looking Up An Explanation.    Find Out What Jerry Seinfeld, Kevin Spacey, And Dick Cavett Have To Say. 10 Pictures Of Whooping Cranes That We Swear You'll Find Adorable Once You Warm Up To Them. This Incredible Video Proves That All Bodies Are Beautiful And The Government Lied About How They Killed Bin Laden. 7 Signs You Were A Theater Kid. Are You A High Roller?. 20 Unbelievable Facts About Outer Space. Find Out What Guy Fieri, Tea Leoni, And Nev Schulman Have To Say.   
 5 Amazing Facts About Chaucer Just In Case you're Trying To Bed A Total Chaucer Freak. 8 Ways Your Ordinary Office Job Is Slowly Killing You. 6 Genius Hacks To Up Your Brunch Game To The Next Level. Disgusting: ISIS Just Released A 2-Star Review Of  "In The Aeroplane Over The Sea ". How Well Do You Know The History Of The American Revolution?. 6 Things No One Tells You About Life Right After College. Find Out What Jessica Alba, Chris Pratt, And Mia Hamm Have To Say.    7 Ways To Get Bumped Up To First Class On Your Next Flight. Father's Day Is Always Bittersweet For Me Because It's Also The Birthday Of The Bear That Ate My Father. Next Week On ClickHole. 7 Easy Meals For Anyone Too Fancy To Enjoy Oatmeal. Find Out What Aaron Paul, Zoe Saldana, And Blake Lively Have To Say. Are You Ready For Bed?. Watch This Breathtaking Slow Motion Footage Of A Thumbs Up.   
 My Stocks Are Doing Incredible. 8 Inspiring Quotes For People Who Really Want To Become Marketing Consultants Working Primarily In The Orthodontics Industry. Find Out What Retta, Peter Travers, And America Ferrera Have To Say. 7 Things Everyone Does When They Work From Home. Explore The Many Wonders Of The Carnival!. An Oral History Of  "Friends ". Things Single People Are Tired Of Hearing At Weddings.    How Many Of These Presidential Memoirs Have You Read?. WATCH: People Surprised By Hot Tea Compilation Video. Find Out What Travis Stork, Margaret Atwood, And Kyle MacLachlan Have To Say. This Is Probably Not Going To Win Us Any Goodwill, But We Asked 22 Ice Cream Truck Drivers To Tell Us About The Fattest Kids They Ever Served. Use The Sliders To Brush These Cute Boys " Bangs To The Side. Loophole Exposed: This Guy Sent A $75 Check With  "Cup Me " In The Memo Section And Got His Name Printed On The Stanley Cup. This Researcher Asked Kids For Ideas To Fix U.S. Schools And One Was Pretty Much An Internment Camp.   
 The Way This Dying Mother Said Goodbye To Her Kids Will Bring You To Tears. 7 Sloths Who Are Almost Too Adorable To Throw Off The Top Of The Chrysler Building. Two-Face's Face Should Have Been Divided Horizontally Instead Of Vertically. I Will Not Back Down From This.. Lucky To Be Alive: Harrison Ford Had To Be Rescued This Morning After Getting Stuck Inside The Gears Of Big Ben. Find Out What Don King, Mitt Romney, And Christina Hendricks Have To Say. How Many Of These Things Does Your Cool Boss Do?. All The Stuff In The Garage Fridge.    Sloane Peterson From  "Ferris Bueller's Day Off " Still Looks Amazing And She Was Asking About You. Watch These Amazing Fan Reactions To The Shocking  "Game Of Thrones " Finale. 10 Bioluminescent Organisms That Better Cut That Freaky Shit Out Before I Call The Cops. Bon Appetit! 10 Incredible Experiences That Should Be On Every Foodie's Bucket List. Find Out What Magnus Carlsen, Robert Redford, And Maya Rudolph Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. The 7 Types Of Boyfriend Every Woman Goes Through.   
 Disturbing: This Man Is Wearing Socks In The Grass. Find Out What Idris Elba, Amy Schumer, And Tom Hardy Have To Say. 6 Things Every Army Brat Experienced. We Asked 22 BMX Riders About The Saddest Place They Ever Did A Wheelie. This Volleyball Tutorial Will Get You Ready For Summer. Whoa: Ryan Talked To The Cops And They Left. Find Out What Joe Pesci, Jillian Michaels, And Judy Blume Have To Say.    Plan Your Son's Funeral!. How Many Of These College Memories Do You Have?. 8 Things That Every Maid Of Honor Knows To Be True. Towels Explained In 90 Seconds. How Many Of These Children's Books Did You Read Growing Up?. The Pharaohs Of Silicon Valley: My Journey Through Google Headquarters. Hero: This Artist Is Taking The Condemned Homes Of Detroit And Turning Them Into Gorgeous Fuddruckers Franchises.    Find Out What Jessica Chastain, Sonny Rollins, And Larry David Have To Say. Celebrate Summer With This Tropical Harry Potter Quiz!. 7 Guys Who Have The Nickname  "Bone Salad " For Different Reasons. 7 Truths About Life We Learned From Video Games. 7 Weightlifting Poems That Will Get You Pumped. Intelligence Failure: Edward Snowden Just Visited Busch Gardens And Returned To Russia Without Getting Caught. 7 Effective Tips For Getting Better Sleep.    Seize The Day! 7 Incredible Experiences That Should Be On Every Adventurer's Bucket List. Find Out What Nick Saban, Colin Hanks, And David Benioff Have To Say. Wow! This Man Had A Whole Thing To Say To His Boss But Then Just Stayed Silent The Whole Time. 6 Steps To Take Immediately When Your Identity's Been Stolen. Women Explain The Best Ways To Ask Them Out. Heartwarming: Watch This Dad Totally Accept His Gay Son Coming Out And Then Eat 12 Tacos. 5 Ordinary Folks And The Lives they'd Pick For Themselves If They Could Start All Over Again.    Subway Hero: When A Woman Fell In Front Of An Oncoming Train, This Man Comforted Everyone With A Spot-On Jimmy Stewart Impression. Live A Little! Press Your Tongue Against These 10 Pictures Of Tongues. Find Out What Chris DeMakes, Mariska Hargitay, And Emily Blunt Have To Say. Gwyneth Paltrow Tried To Survive A Week On Food Stamps And She Died. Next Week On ClickHole. What Is A Nice Fruit To Have At Night?. How Many Of These Essentials Are In Your Bag?.    8 Alarming Things In Facebook's User Policy You Had No Idea You Agreed To. Find Out What Terrence Howard, Charlize Theron, And Meryl Streep Have To Say. I Love All Of These New Sauces!. Listening To These People Talk About The Moment They Became A Parent Will Make You Feel Things. Every Crepe Lover Will Recognize This Man Who Hates Crepes. Find Out What Ringo Starr, Kid Rock, And Ava DuVernay Have To Say. This Is How Different Generations Spend Their Time Online.    In The Shadow Of Two Fangs: A Harrowing Tale Of Vampiric Terror. We Must Either Raise The Minimum Wage Or Lower The Price Of Lobster. 8 Things Every Parent Is Sick Of Hearing Their Friends Without Kids Say. We Surprised This Cat With A Check For $10,000, And He Couldn't Care Less. 6 Genius Military Maneuvers That Altered History. Finally! A Family Lineage Website That Just Tells You The Bullshit You Want To Hear. Find Out What Michelle Rodriguez, Martina McBride, And Nikolaj Coster-Waldau Have To Say.    An Oral History Of The  "Harry Potter " Movies. We Asked 8 Famous Authors For The Most Important Advice they'd Give To Young Writers. I Was Mugged And All I Know For Sure Is That It Was One Of The James Bond Actors. Incredible! Listen to These People Talk About The Worst Jobs They Ever Had. We Asked 22 Science Teachers About The Longest Name For Albert Einstein They Ever Taught Their Students. 7 Boring Parts Of Life That Could Use A Little Razzle-Dazzle. Science FTW: IBM Just Announced A Robotics Competition To Stop The Winner Of The Previous Competition.    6 Gazebos Forever Sullied By The Blow Jobs That Transpired Therein. I May Be Old Enough To Remember Segregation, But I'm Also Small Enough To Hide Beneath A Toadstool. Find Out What Art Garfunkel, J.K. Rowling, And Catherine Zeta-Jones Have To Say. Are You A Film Buff?. Are You Welcome In Vermont?. 7 Dating Red Flags You Need To Watch Out For. How Art Classes And Finding Out She Wasn't Actually Dead Helped Me Get Over My Mother's Death.    Life When you're Dating Vs. The Life Of A Bee. Amazing! Each One Of Us Is A Special Snowflake!. Find Out What Sonia Sotomayor, Salman Khan, And Vin Diesel Have To Say. Finally! NASA Announces Rescue Mission To Retrieve The American Flag That Was Left Behind On The Moon. Sorry, We Slowed Down This Video Of A Hummingbird Too Much. What Your Favorite Cocktail Says About You. Next Week On ClickHole.    How Many Of These Smiths Songs Have You Heard?. Find Out What Louis C.K., Tommy Lee Jones, And Mae Whitman Have To Say. I Am Afraid The New  "Star Wars " Movie Will Let Us Down But Not As Afraid As I Am Of Dying In A Car Crash. Justice At Last: This Man Spent 38 Years In Prison For A Crime He Didn't Commit, So Now They're Letting Him Commit That Crime!. Incredible: Chipotle Is Paying For This Couple's Wedding, And All They Expect In Return Is A Favor Someday. We Asked 6 Famous Video Game Designers About The Game They've Always Wanted To Make, But Never Could. Find Out What Arlo Guthrie, Joyce Carol Oates, And Laurence Fishburne Have To Say.   
 You Arrive In America. 100 Celebrity Birthdays. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Shining ". Don't Understand Bitcoin? This Man Will Mumble An Explanation At You. 16 Ways The Human Body Is Actually Unbelievable. Get Covered: President Obama Appeared In An ISIS Video In Order To Spread The Word About Healthcare.gov!. The Saga Continues! J.K. Rowling Just Announced She Will Be Releasing New Stories Where Ron Dies Every Day For A Year!.   
 Find Out What Klay Thompson, Jim Carrey, And Ronda Rousey Have To Say. Sooo Perfect: Jimmy Fallon Dressed Up As Neil Young Last Night And Made Love To Neil Young's Wife. 9 Venus Flytraps That All Have The Caption  "Mama Mia! ". 6 Disney Characters Everyone Had The Hots For Growing Up. Do You Have What It Takes To Work At Doug Lipstick's All-Eel Zoo?. Whoa: One Door, Two People. The 10 Commandments Of Riding The New York City Subway.    Find A Vein, You Nematode Sluts, Because Here Come 10 Mesofauna Taxa To Blow Your Shit To Nirvana. Stephen Hawking's Message To A Little Girl Who Wants To Be An Astrophysicist Will Fill You With Hope. Find Out What Krist Novoselic, Gene Wilder, And Avril Lavigne Have To Say. Mind-Blowing: These 7 Common Household Items Started Out As Props On  "Cheers ". Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Natural Healing Remedies Have You Tried?. Find Out What Wynton Marsalis, Prince, And Marion Cotillard Have To Say.    Are You Afraid Of Commitment?. The 2 Types Of Motorcycles That There Are. Aw, Jeez, Look At All These Ants. Finally! This Video Game Teaches Girls About Physics. The Top 7 Commencement Speeches Of All Time. Don't Believe Anyone Who Tells You They Know What It Would Be Like If  "Game Of Thrones " Characters Used Facebook. Find Out What Ellen DeGeneres, Paula Abdul, And Salman Rushdie Have To Say.   
 No Need To Get Excited, It's Just 3 Funnels. Stranded: The True Tale Of A Shipwrecked Sailor. We Asked 22 Meteorologists About The Worst Storm They've Ever Created To Punish An Ex-Lover. Nostalgia Overload: The Cast Of  "Clarissa Explains It All " Killed Each Other Over A Priceless Diamond Last Night. 7 Easy Last-Minute Hairstyles Every Girl Should Know. Incredible! Printers Print Joes. Heartwarming: J.J. Abrams Arranged For This Terminally Ill  "Star Wars " Fan To Have A Private Screening Of  "About Schmidt ".    Find Out What Maya Rudolph, Jesse Eisenberg, And Elisabeth Moss Have To Say. Major Endorsement: FDR's Bones Have Appeared On Hillary Clinton's Lawn. While I Agree That Hitler Was One Of History's Greatest Monsters, I Still Feel Bad That He Never Got To Hear The Beatles. Healing Old Wounds: This Man Facebook Friended A Guy He Used To Bully And Invited Him To Like Sublime. Beautiful: Gay Couple Argues In Parking Lot. When A Drunk Man Said Something Racist In This Bar, These Courageous Onlookers Moved To A Table That Was Farther Away. 6 Times Tobey Maguire Had A Public Meltdown Because Nobody Would Call Him  "Tugboat Maguire ".   
 6 Times Tobey Maguire Had A Public Meltdown Because Nobody Would Call Him  "Tugboat Maguire ". 7 Things Only People Who Had Braces Will Understand. Amazing: This Overweight Father Lost 200 Pounds Because He Wanted To See His Kids Grow Up To Play The Hottest New Video Games. 7 Of The World's Deadliest Snakes Who Would Be No Match For My Lawn Mower. Find Out What Warren Buffett, Kaley Cuoco, And Jay Leno Have To Say. Are You An Audiophile?. Amazing! Caring Neighbors Replaced This Couple's Poorly Behaved Son With A Well-Mannered Adult!.   
 Ready To Feel Old? Kids Born In 2001 Are Already Getting Tried As Adults. 9 Things James Taylor Will Never Understand. 8 Things That Happen To The Body When You Quit Smoking. Find Out What Anderson Cooper, Christopher Nolan, And Sigourney Weaver Have To Say. Things Only People With Incredibly Sexy Parents Will Understand. My Daughter Is Running A Fever And Keeps Coughing Up Pieces Of Evidence From The O.J. Simpson Trial. Any Parents On Here Have Some Advice?. Dan, Calvin, John, The Whole Gang Is Here!.    Next Week On ClickHole. 14 Drawers That Made Our Dad Roar. Find Out What Gisele Bundchen, Jack Nicholson, And Tom Petty Have To Say. We Have The Resources, So Why Isn't The Statue Of Liberty Animatronic Yet?. 7 Sweet Perks Of Being Home From College. When A Man Was Wrongfully Convicted, This Brilliant Lawyer Exonerated Him By Confessing To The Crime. Drastic Measures: These Scientists Repelled An Invasive Species By Introducing Green Bay Packers To The Ecosystem.    How Well Do You Know Johannes?. Find Out What Richard Dreyfuss, Mark Hamill, And Calvin Klein Have To Say. EXCLUSIVE: First Look At The New Baby. DJ This Party. Humans Were Not Made To Sit For 8 Hours At A Desk Balanced On Top Of A Smaller Desk, Drawing Pictures Of Other Desks. An Oral History Of Pixar. What Does It Look Like When Popcorn Pops In Slow Motion? This Man Gives His Best Guess.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Pulp Fiction ". How Many Of These Fun Perks Does Your Office Have?. Find Out What Sean Penn, Elon Musk, And Tiger Woods Have To Say. We Asked 22 Crab Fishermen About The Most Famous Person They Ever Trawled Up Out Of The Ocean. Powerful: This Woman Turned A Cereal Box Upside Down To Make A Point About How There's No More Cereal. This Song Was Originally Going To Be The  "Jaws " Theme Until John Williams Changed His Mind At The Last Minute. The 8 Most Severe Punishments In NFL History.   
 Amazing: Check Out These Letters Between Ernest Hemingway And F. Scott Fitzgerald. Find Out What Megan Ellison, January Jones, And Queen Elizabeth II Have To Say. Don't Believe The Hype: This Can Has No Peas In It. Look Out, Spotify! More And More Music Lovers Are Listening To Whispers From The Caves At The Edge Of Town. Incredible! This Man Laughed At Someone Else's Inside Joke And Never Let On He Didn't Get It. Hacktivism Gone Too Far? Anonymous Just Leaked The President's Address. Find Out What Carly Fiorina, Kevin James, And Bryan Cranston Have To Say.    8 Ways You Can Save Water During Drought Season. How Many Of These Wind Chimes Have You Flicked?. There's No Use Moving The Sliders, Jim. She's Gone.. Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Ways To Make Mom Feel Special This Mother's Day. I Am 26. Find Out What Elie Wiesel, Charli XCX, And Odell Beckham Jr. Have To Say.   
 8 Of Tom Petty's Fingers. How Many Of These Magic Tricks Can You Do?. 6 Drought Pictures That Prove That Man Was Never Meant To Build A City In The Desert. How Much Of A Procrastinator Are You?. We Asked 22 Pilots Where Skydivers Go When They Jump Out Of The Airplane. Find Out What Bruce Willis, Vanessa Hudgens, And Anne Hathaway Have To Say. Join This Cult!.    Eye-Opening: These Guys Lived 15 Minutes As Homeless To See What It's Really Like. Give Me One Good Reason Why I Shouldn't Punch Your Face In. The Workplace Of The Future Will Have Somewhat Sleeker Filing Cabinets. Find Out What Stephen Curry, Kate Beckinsale, And Chelsea Clinton Have To Say. These Photos Of Sweat-Drenched Day Laborers Prove That Warm Weather Is Finally Here!. The Oral History Of Michael Jordan's Legendary  "Flu Game ". How Many Of These Car TV Shows Do You Watch?.   
 Are You A Gym Rat?. Can You Perform The Duties Of The Exit Row?. 7 Tips For Getting The Haircut You Want. Inspiring! This Nonprofit Took The World's Last Northern White Rhino On An Unforgettable Trip To Six Flags. Find Out What Marissa Mayer, Matt Damon, And Sean Bean Have To Say. Amazing: Time-Lapse Video Shows How A Flower Grows. How Changing Careers At 40 Taught Me What A Bad Decision That Was.   
 These Common Household Items Could Kill You If you're A Fucking Moron. A Noble Cause: This Teen Is Making GIFs For Movies And TV Shows In Need. 8 Things You Learn When You Travel By Yourself. We Threw A GoPro At Our Stepdad. Find Out What Neil Young, Jessica Tandy, And Hulk Hogan Have To Say. Are You An Early Bird Or A Night Owl?. 6 Hymns Celebrating The Birth Of The Second Child Of The Duke And Duchess Of Cambridge.    Next Week On ClickHole. Do You Enjoy A Nice Bowl Of Soup?. With All These Websites, I Don't Know How Anyone Finds Time To Take Their Dog To The Vet. Find Out What Claire Danes, Chris Hemsworth, And Harrison Ford Have To Say. 7 Things People Who Cut Their Own Hair Are Tired Of Hearing. 7 Facts That Will Make You Feel Super Old!. Share This Video With Someone In Your Life Named Sarah!.   
 Here Are The Biggest NFL Draft Busts Of All Time. Find Out What Kanye West, Sufjan Stevens, And Russell Crowe Have To Say. New Rule: The TSA Is Letting Low-Risk Travelers Say  "I Wish My Hands Were Guns " At Security Checkpoints. Can You Find The Mole In This Spy Organization?. How Many Of These Nursing Homes Have You Sent Relatives To?. An Oral History Of Radiohead's  "OK Computer ". Watch This Incredible Compilation Of People With A Band-Aid On Their Hand Going In For A Handshake.   
 We Asked 22 Priests What's The Heaviest Thing They Ever Threw At The Devil. Every Map you've Looked At Is Wrong: This One Finally Gets The Sizes Right. 8 Tips For Anxious Fliers. Find Out What David Benioff, Kathryn Bigelow, And Stephen Hawking Have To Say. What Your Middle School Boyfriend Would Look Like Today. Bistro Or Ristorante?. I Smell Pizza.   
 Find Out What Kate Moss, Vin Diesel, And Amy Adams Have To Say. Everything We Know About The Guy Sitting Next To Us On The Plane Based On The Times We've Glanced At His Computer Screen. 6 Delicious Cocktails That Are A Little Too Much Trouble To Bother The Bartender With. LOL: This Woman Screencaps Her Mom's Hilarious Text Message Fails. Impressive! This Man Successfully Pretended To Ignore A Parent Yelling At Their Child In Public. This Teenage Girl Was Kicked Out Of Prom Just For Wearing A Short Dress And Then Getting Fingered Under Her Dress And Then Starting To Have Sex On The Dance Floor. The Only 3 Things Left At This Continental Breakfast, Ranked.   
 Relax. The Beautiful Woman You See In The Thumbnail Will Show Up Eventually.. 21 Ways Your Life Immediately Changes When You Move To London. Find Out What Madonna, Mario Batali, And Emma Stone Have To Say. Real-Life Liz Lemon? This Woman Hasn't Been Seen Or Heard From Since 2013. Heartbreaking: This Man Has To Live His Entire Life As Andrew. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Fitness Classes Have You Taken?.   
 Incredible: This Madonna Superfan Is Paying Thousands Of Dollars To Have Madonna Look Like Her. Find Out What Mark Cuban, Dr. Dre, And Katy Perry Have To Say. 8 Ways To Attract A Lot Of Beetles To Your Home If That's Your Thing. Do You Know What Boats Are?. Steve Jobs Wrote These 8 Inspiring Pieces Of Advice For Young Entrepreneurs. Can You Match Your Dad's Friend To The Mistake That Ruined His Life?. Awesome! This Lucky School Got Two Proms.    Find Out What Helen Mirren, Earl Sweatshirt, And Elon Musk Have To Say. It's Your First Day At A New High School. Can You Become Popular?. What Do These College Seniors Wish they'd Known As Freshmen?. What Your College Major Says About You. How Many Of These Parts Of A Balanced Breakfast Did You Eat This Morning?. What Winston Churchill Would Look Like Today. How Much Jockey Slang Do You Know?.    Find Out What John Legend, William H. Macy, And Tom Wilkinson Have To Say. An Oral History Of  "Mad Men ". 9 Cars That Are Too Fast For A Slow Guy Like Me. Yes! Ham Goes Up An Escalator. Cool! This High School Senior Without A Prom Date Asked Kate Upton To Kill Him. The Long Road To The Top: How Bursting Into Various Boardrooms And Shouting,  "That's Where . Come In! " Eventually Got Me A Job As A CEO At A Fortune 500 Company. Cancel Your Son's Funeral Because  "Full House " Is Officially Coming Back!.    Pants These Nerds!. Do You Have What It Takes To Be An Astronaut?. Inspiring! This Woman Is Helping Save The Environment By Reusing The Same Furniture Every Day. Find Out What Stephen King, Demi Moore, And Gary Busey Have To Say. 8 Celebrity Has-Beens Who Came Closer To Their Dreams Than You Ever Will. Can You Help Me Seduce The Lard-Assed Director Of Technology?. Amazing:  "Game Of Thrones " Fan Builds Elaborate Tribute In Minecraft.   
 Seriously Creepy: 7 Of The Weirdest Unexplained Mysteries Of All Time. Disney Fans Rejoice! Newly Discovered Letters From Walt Disney Reveal That Donald Duck Lays His Own Eggs And Then Eats Them. Are You Addicted To Coffee?. 7 Embarrassing Resume Blunders To Stop Making Immediately. Find Out What Randy Jackson, Christian Slater, And Jillian Michaels Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Apples Have You Tried?.   
 Inspiring! When A Couple's Baby Had A Life-Threatening Condition, Doctors Used A 3D Printer To Make Them A New Guitar. 10 Signs you're A Helicopter Parent. Find Out What Glenn Close, Sidney Crosby, And Peter Frampton Have To Say. I Want These.. People Are Going To Be Really Impressed By How Ready I Am For The Gold Rush If A New Gold Rush Happens. OMG: The Cast Of  "August: Osage County " Got Hot. Here Are 7 Pics Of The Jen Larry Girl You Love!.   
 This Will Change The Way You Watch  "The Matrix ". Find Out What Michael Keaton, Beyonce, And Bill Gates Have To Say. you've Been Elected To Congress! Can You Pass Even One Goddamn Bill?. 6 Elderly Couples Share Their Secrets To A Long, Happy Marriage. I Looked At My Son's Google Search History And It Was Just Hundreds Of Questions About Bugles Corn Snacks. This Picture Of Martin Luther King Jr. Is In A Wheelchair And It's Beautiful. Amazing! Watch This Man Think About 25 Birds In One Minute!.    How 6 Countries Around The World Celebrate Zachary Quinto's Birthday. Fan Prayers Answered: Here's What The Cast Of  "Sixteen Candles " Looks Like In A Tent. Shocking: This Is What Our Kids " School Lunches Look Like. Find Out What Serena Williams, Dave Matthews, And Christina Hendricks Have To Say. We Asked 22 Mannequins To Say Something If They Could Hear Us. How Much Of A Grammar Nerd Are You?. Wow: This Touching Photo Of A Cop Letting Protesters Warm Their Hands Inside His Mouth Will Move You To Tears.   
 6 Sunsets That Are Doing Some Major Legwork For These Bible Passages. We Need To Stop Teaching Our Kids That It's Okay To Think Chris Webber Was A Complete Basketball Player. Need A Eulogy? This Man Has You Covered. 7 Pictures That Will Drive Perfectionists Insane. Almost There? All The Self-Driving Cars Have Been Congregating In The Desert. Find Out What Tony Hawk, Michael Caine, And Philip Pullman Have To Say. Latest Attack: ISIS Just Changed Its Name To  "Google ".    Patio Furniture, Ranked By Wetness. Are You A Disruptor?. Incredible! This Man Is Able To Leave A Group Conversation Without Anyone Noticing. 8 IKEA Shopping Hacks Everyone Should Know. Justice At Last! When This Girl Was Cyberbullied By A Classmate, The Internet Came Together And Got Her Bully To Commit Suicide!. Find Out What Noah Baumbach, Demi Lovato, And Tommy Lee Jones Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole.   
 No One Is Actually That Tall. 8 Famous Battle Cries Throughout History. Are You A Good Parent?. If Only Once, It Would Be Nice If Hodor Said  "Women's Rights ". Find Out What Meryl Streep, Nick Jonas, And Charlize Theron Have To Say. 9 Laundry Room Moves That Make You A Jerk Unless You Have A Pretty Good Reason. This Is The Speech JFK Would've Given If The Cuban Missile Crisis Had Triggered Nuclear War.   
 Uncanny: This Man Can Always Tell When He's In A Store's Flagship Location. This Spoken Word Poem Is Amazing Even If It Appears To Be Mainly About Don Henley. 5 Child Prodigies And The Activity They Actually Enjoy Doing. Wow: This Is What The New Bond Movie's IMDB Page Would Look Like With Idris Elba As 007. 8 Centenarians Share Their Secrets To Longevity. Get The Whole Online Experience By Trying Our Internet Simulator. Find Out What Pope Francis, Robert Plant, And Iggy Azalea Have To Say.    How Many Of These Proverbs Do You Use?. Beautiful! Night Vision Camera Captures 2 Men Meeting Up In The Woods To Practice Cartwheels. Meet Gruncheon, The Newest American Girl Doll. Shocking: This Bakery In Saudi Arabia Refuses To Make Cakes For Gay Weddings. Find Out What David Blaine, Bruno Mars, And Elisabeth Moss Have To Say. Just When You Didn't Think Emma Watson Could Get Any More Amazing, She Grows 4 Feet Taller. You Always Think Of Your Father As Invincible Until Muhammad Ali Comes To Your House And Uppercuts Him Through The Ceiling.    Heartbreakingly Adorable: Watch This Mother Explain Death To Her Child. Why We Shouldn't Force Alligators And Crocodiles To Wear Sashes That Say  "Alligator " And  "Crocodile ". A National Hero: Meet The Navy SEAL In Charge Of Pushing Osama Bin Laden's Body Back Into The Ocean Every Time It Washes Up On Shore. We Put A GoPro On A Sparrow. They're Back! Led Zeppelin Has Announced That There Will Be A  "Friends " Reunion!. Find Out What Bobby Shmurda, Natalie Portman, And Tobey Maguire Have To Say. How Much Of An Introvert Are You?.   
 Secrets For Saving Money On Your Next Plane Ticket. Is America Ready For An All-Male Improv Troupe?. 6 Strategies To Get Out Of Jury Duty. 7 Famous Athletes Tell Us About The Greatest Game They Ever Played. Supercut Of Every Time Tim Taylor Said  "Clean Your Teeth On My Bones " On  "Home Improvement ". 7 Tips For Smart Urban Cyclists. Finally! An Energy Bar For Former Presidents!.   
 Find Out What Steven Spielberg, Blake Lively, And Bradley Cooper Have To Say. Are You A Narcissist?. Next Week On ClickHole. In Case Hackers Ever Steal My Private Photos, Let Me Prepare You For What My Penis Looks Like. Find Out What Heidi Klum, Mikhail Gorbachev, And John Cena Have To Say. The Definitive Guide To The Passover Seder Plate. The 5 Best Games For Your Next Party.    How Many Of These American Folk Songs Do You Know?. 8 Waiters Tell Us About The Worst Customer They Ever Served. Watch This Atheist Disprove Religion. Finally! They're Adding A Female President To Mount Rushmore. With The Money The Government Spends To Buy The Army Just One Attack Helicopter, It Could Buy Me An Attack Helicopter. Find Out What Zooey Deschanel, Mark Ruffalo, And Paul McCartney Have To Say. Fight For The Glory Of Rome!.    These People Describe The Taste Of Foods To The Blind And It's Beautiful. Watch This Scene Cut From  "Boyhood " Get Thrown In A River!. How Many Of These Teas Have You Tried?. Heartwarming: When Their School Let Them Pick A New Mascot, These Students Chose A Classmate's Recently Deceased Father. 6 Tips For Throwing The Perfect Boardroom Tantrum. 7 Questions You NEED To Ask Your Doctor. We Asked Bob Costas 22 Times  "What's Next For Bob Costas? ".   
 Find Out What Larry David, Jay Duplass, And Harry Reid Have To Say. How Many Of These NPR Shows Have You Listened To During Your Commute?. Are You A Widow?. Amazing: Man Is In Love With Girl And No One Knows. Finally! This Modern Barbie Doll Comes With A Toy Computer With A Blog Post Criticizing Barbie's Body Size On The Screen. Life In Your Early 80s Vs. Your Late 80s. 10 Famous Quotes That Don't Mean What You Think They Do.   
 Find Out What Jeff Tweedy, Kendrick Lamar, And Emma Watson Have To Say. Wow. This Father Is Pulling Out All The Stops To Ensure His Daughter's First Memory Is His Smiling Face. This Watchdog Group Is Making Sure Police Officers Always Wear GoPros When They Do Extreme Sports. How You Know It's Time To Leave New York For L.A.. Whose Earring Is This?. I'm Dead. The 5 Most Thrilling Cliffhangers In Television History.    Man On A Mission: This Man Is Adding  "And Them's The Facts " To The End Of Every Wikipedia Article. Amazing: Campbell's Soup Is Offering $5,000 To Anyone Who Mentions Campbell's Products In Their Last Words. Find Out What Elijah Wood, Kyle Chandler, And Jennifer Aniston Have To Say. All Of My Equally Perfect Daughters ...Ranked. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Disney Channel Original Movies Have You Seen?. Incredible! We Asked These Astronauts What It's Like To Be In Space.   
 We Can Do This! The American Red Cross Is Challenging You To Fill The Grand Canyon With Blood By April 5. Find Out What Action Bronson, Sam Smith, And Clive Owen Have To Say. I Discovered One Weird Trick For Healthy Hair And I'm Worried That's All I'll Ever Accomplish. Americans Try Israeli Snacks (NOTE: THIS IS NEITHER AN ENDORSEMENT NOR CONDEMNATION OF ISRAEL). What Would It Be Like If A Real Woman Had Furby's Proportions?. Which Of These Guilty Pleasures Are You Weirdly Proud Of?. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To Billy Joel's  "Piano Man "?.    5 Stunning Photos That Could Be Australia. Find Out What Paul Krugman, Henry Rollins, And Pink Have To Say. Sleepover At Brynna's. Royalty-Free Birthday Songs Anyone Can Use. Ready For The Apocalypse? Here's How The World Will End According To 5 Major Religions. Only Some People Are Jewish. It's Happening: Cheaperbythedozen-movie.com Is Putting Up A Paywall To Drive Revenue.    How Many Of These Football Thinkpieces Have You Read?. Are You Down With Milk??. Find Out What Angelina Jolie, Jason Derulo, And Antonio Banderas Have To Say. Landmark Win: L.A. Is Finally Restoring The Hollywood Sign To Its Original Sentence!. Foodies Rejoice! Scientists Have Engineered Chicken Breasts To Be Conscious And 80% Tastier. Texts You Send In Your 20s Vs. Texts You Send In Your Closet Hiding From An Enraged Yo-Yo Ma. We Put A Microphone On A BMX Biker.   
 This Middle School Teacher Is So Dedicated He Got A Life-Size Tattoo Of One Of His Students. Are You A Good Roommate?. Need Proof Of An Afterlife? This Kid Stayed There.. 6 Occasions You Can Apparently Wear Sandals To If Your Name Is Chris Wedburg. Find Out What Ashley Benson, Alicia Keys, And Prince Have To Say. How Many Of These Slang Terms For Police Do You And Your Friends Use?. This 40-Year-Old Man Breaks Down Crying. Thirty Seconds Later, We're Crying Too.   
 What Your Starbucks Order Says About You. Incredible! These Teachers And Students Surprised Their Janitor With A $2,000 Mop. The Washington Nationals Are Giving One Lucky Fan A Chance To Get Hit With A Bat. Are You A Health Nut?. Mystery Solved! The Lincoln Memorial Was A Tribute To President Abraham Lincoln. 8 Incredible Cities To Raise A Family In Assuming That My Brother Kyle Doesn't Follow You There And Ruin Everything. Find Out What Michael Buble, Taylor Swift, And David McCullough Have To Say.   
 8 Things you're Totally Not Going To Miss About Living With Roommates. 7 Strange Habits Of Great Writers. How Many Of These Historical Sites Have You Visited?. It's Sad When You Realize Your Hero Is Human, Only Wearing An Incredibly Convincing Grimace Costume. Next Week On ClickHole. Find Out What Chelsea Handler, Brad Pitt, And Tom Hanks Have To Say. The Science Behind Why People On The All-Lettuce Diet Are Doing It Wrong.   
 9 Milestones In Every Long-Term Relationship.  "Camping " Should Be Called  "Cramping " Because Of All The Cramps It Causes. I Will Not Back Down From This.. Whoever Said You Can't Wear Raincoats Indoors Clearly Has Never Met This Wandering Group Of Men. Are You Type A Or Type B?. The Only 31 Things Standing Between You And Your Dreams. Find Out What Elvis Costello, Diablo Cody, And Nicole Kidman Have To Say. It's Your First Day On Wall Street.    How Many Of Edgar Allan Poe's Scary Stories Have You Read?. If you're Choking, You Need To Watch This. Shocking: A Harrowing Look At Our Nation's Underfunded Planet Hollywoods. 7 Tips For Meeting Your Girlfriend's Parents. 6 Hand Gestures Considered Insulting In Foreign Cultures. Find Out What Richard Dreyfuss, Cher, And Hugh Jackman Have To Say. This  "The District " Fan Spent $100,000 On Plastic Surgery To Look Just Like Craig T. Nelson.   
 11 Neat Reptiles Your Pale Cousin Would Be Into. 6 Things You Should Never Say To Someone Dangling You Over A Cliff Demanding The Access Codes. The 7 Things You Should Do Whenever You Check Into A Hotel. 6 Jesus-y Things That Were Almost Definitely Not In Erica's Apartment Last Time. This Man Ate Nothing But McDonald's For An Entire Meal. Go Ahead, Treat Yourself To Some Saccharine Dogshit. you've Earned It.. What Your Facial Hair Says About You.    Thank-You Letters Like This Are What Make Teaching Worth It. Find Out What Maria Sharapova, Dave Matthews, And Stan Lee Have To Say. While I Find ISIS Despicable In Every Other Way, I Strongly Identify With Its Love Of Pickup Trucks. 7 David Bowie Pics That Are So Impossibly Cool They Need To Be Offset With Tax Forms. Incredible! This Man Successfully Pretended Not To See His Coworker At The Supermarket. The Next LeBron James? This Baby Is Wearing A Giant Pair Of Basketball Shorts. Can You Tell Who Is Giving A Speech And Who Accidentally Glued Themselves To A Podium?.    NASA Says There Could Be Life On Europa, But They Also Said The  "Challenger " Was Safe To Fly, So Take It With A Grain Of Salt. 10 Struggles Only Left-Handed People Will Understand. Find Out What Jim Carrey, Jessica Simpson, And Wayne Gretzky Have To Say. How Many Of These Bible Stories Do You Know?. Why These 5 Famous Books Were Banned. Can You Name All The Boats In The Marina?. Emailgate 2015 Is Just Another Example Of Emails.   
 Find Out What David Lee Roth, Diane Keaton, And Jimmy Kimmel Have To Say. This Breathtaking Footage Of People Googling  "Great Family " Will Restore Your Faith In Humanity. Mouse Hacks! Try These Amazing Tips For Visiting Disney World With Your Family. Death Attends The Matinee. The 8 Constellations Everyone Should Know. What Would You Say If I Told You This Succulent Rack Of Ribs Was Yours For Free?. Find Out What Topher Grace, Guy Fieri, And Kim Deal Have To Say.    They're Back! The Winklevoss Twins Are Suing Facebook Again, And This Time There Are Even More Of Them. Weird Thoughts Everyone Who Believes Airports Are Jails For Planes Has. 5 Absolutely Stunning Examples Of Mathematics In Nature. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Back To The Future ". How Many Of These Adversities Have You Overcome?. The Kindest Man Alive: Jon Hamm Guarded This Nest Of Orphaned Snake Eggs For 3 Months!. Heartwarming: This Couple Couldn't Get Pregnant, So They Arranged Their Pizza Toppings To Look Like A Baby.   
 7 Globs Of Spit-Out Gristle. Find Out What Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, And Stephen Hawking Have To Say. 9 Armpits We're Sorry We Drew Faces On In Order To Make It Look Like They're Vomiting Hair. Horrifying: ISIS Is Probably About To Release A Video. Looking For A Second Opinion On Which  "Sex And The City " Character You Are?. Learn To Play The Way You Feel When Your Daughter Says She Hates You On Guitar. How Many Of These Ben Franklin Sayings Inspire You?.   
 Amazing! Prosthetic Allows Dog To Sting With Deadly Poison For First Time. Find Out What Phil Mickelson, Lena Dunham, And Julie Taymor Have To Say. Amazing: This Woman Waited Years For A Transplant, So A Generous Doctor Filled Her With As Many Livers As Her Body Could Hold. 8 Famous Chefs Tell Us The Best Meal They Ever Had. Eye-Opening: This Pit Bull May Look Scary At First, But Then You Realize It's Adorable. Here Are The Movies That Will Be Good And Here Are The Movies That Will Be Bad. Bad News,  "Better Call Saul " Fans: Earth Will Likely Become Uninhabitable In The Next 100,000 Years.    Find Out What Jillian Michaels, Naomi Watts, And Josh Hartnett Have To Say. We Asked 22 OB-GYNs What's The Weirdest Thing They Ever Delivered. We Challenged This Man To Survive On Minimum Wage And He Immediately Got Hit By A Car. Next Week On ClickHole. Did You Hear? Your Cousin Got An Award Or A Scholarship Or Something!. Where Should We Get Lunch?. I Put On A Fat Suit To Understand What It's Like To Be Your Mom.    Find Out What Jennifer Lawrence, Kerry Washington, And Doris Kearns Goodwin Have To Say. 12 Balloons That Are Eerily Human. 3 Farthings. I Have Nothing More.. MUST WATCH: Stunning Time-Lapse Footage Infringes On 50 Copyrights In 2 Minutes. 3 Years Ago He Hated Gay People. Today He's A Completely Different Person. Still Pretty Weird That He Used To Hate Gay People Though.. Why Vegetarian?. Learn A New Language Right Now With Language Getter!.    We Have A Winner: Say Hello To The Most Shared Video On The Internet. Find Out What Matt LeBlanc, Evangeline Lilly, And John Legend Have To Say. A New Era!  "Chappie " Will Be The First Direct-To-GIF Movie. This World-Famous Violinist Played Saxophone In A Subway And People Just Walked By. Finally! This Realistic Barbie Doll Comes With A Cabinet Full Of Plastic Bags. What Your New York Subway Train Says About You. This Interracial Couple Is So Beautiful You Won't Even Care One Of Them Has Coleslaw On His Shoulder.    This Turtle Sure As Shit Better Do Something Cute Because It Cost Like $40. Style Icon? Helen Mirren Looks Perfect Even When Wrestling This Vagrant. Incredibly Kind: This Coroner Says That Everyone's Cause Of Death is  "Having Sex ". Find Out What Larry Bird, Gwen Stefani, And Tom Hiddleston Have To Say. Need An Email Address? Let This Woman Give You Some Incredible Suggestions!. Inspiring! We Asked 5 Successful People About The First Thing They Bought After Making Their First Million. Watch These People Explain What It's Like To Be In A Long-Distance Relationship.    Finally! A Judge Has Ruled That All Hearses Must Be Outfitted With A Sign That Lets You Know Whether There's A Dead Person Inside. Take This Quiz! If You Pick  "A " For Every Answer A Photo Of A Breastfeeding Woman Will Appear. Find Out What LeBron James, Zac Hanson, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. A Masterpiece Unearthed: Bob Dylan's VHS Recording Of  "Tomb Raider " Has Resurfaced!. We Asked 7 Famous Directors Which Movie They've Always Wanted To Make But Have Never Been Able To. 9 Guys Who Look Like They Could Be Named Tommy Showbiz. Animals Snuggling Compilation.   
 Are You A Flotsam Freak Or A Jetsam Junkie?. The Original Versions Of These Fairy Tales Are Seriously Twisted. It's Time We Start Paying College Athletes, Or At Least Start Giving Them Coupons To P.F. Chang's. Incredible! This Man Is Eric Clapton. Find Out What Floyd Mayweather, Stephen King, And Jerry Seinfeld Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. We Are All Me.    How Many Of These Churches Have You Prayed At?. Find Out What Sen. Dianne Feinstein, Liam Neeson, And Kevin Spacey Have To Say. Do You Got What It Takes To Make It In This Town?. Get The Tissues Ready! When This Man Retired From His Job After 45 Years, His Coworkers Came Together And Wrote Him A List Of Good Guitar Players. 9 Mind-Blowing Things Hidden On The $1 Bill. Are You The One The Prophecy Speaks Of?. Education Win: This Amazing School Is Streamlining Its History Curriculum By Combining All Of The Founding Fathers Into A Single Composite Character.   
 Why Is Everyone Talking About The 4 Murders Committed In My Home When Literally Thousands Of People Are Dying In The Middle East?. Can You Survive The Great Journey Out West?. Find Out What Elisabeth Moss, Ben Bernanke, And Robin Wright Have To Say. Whatever Goes On In A Couple's Bedroom Is Between Them And The God They Live To Spite. Awesome: Disney Has Created Its First-Ever Indian Princess But Says We're Not Ready For Her. Amazing! This Amputee Was Too Humble To Ask For Anything More Than A Prosthetic Hand, So Doctors Surprised Him With A Drill. Find Out What Zadie Smith, Michael Caine, And Rev. Al Sharpton Have To Say.   
 Beautiful. Listen To This Father And His Young Son Tell Each Other How Much They Love Each Other After We Altered Their Voices To Be The Same Pitch. Don't Think Women Can Be Beautiful? These Photos Will Convince You Otherwise. Are You A Good American?. Did  "Sesame Street " Go Too Far Yesterday When Big Bird Ate An American Flag?. You Can Have As Many As 3 Flaws And Still Be Beautiful. NSFW: This Sexy Vid Of A Guy Putting A Tampon Into A Condom Is Driving Everyone Wild. Is It A Date?.    Inspiring! This Company Gives A Small Portion Of Its Revenue To Its Employees. Find Out What Tichina Arnold, Chris Berman, And Jane Goodall Have To Say. Racists Will Hate This Video. Best Day Ever: The Entirety Of James Cromwell Is Now In The Public Domain!. 10 Things Only People With Gauges Will Understand. Watch The Exact Moment This Man Realizes Covering The Entire Bill Was A Bad Idea. Living In The Past! Some Countries Are Still Using The Metric System.    The Best Speeches From Last Night's Oscars. Apple Fans Rejoice! The Company Is Hiring A New Retail Associate. Shameful: Barack Obama Skipped My Father's Funeral To Go Golfing. Find Out What Melissa Rivers, Sheryl Crow, And Leonardo DiCaprio Have To Say. These 6 People Singing Different Everclear Songs Simultaneously Will Make You Feel Feels. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To Radiohead's  "Creep "?. 9 Photographs Of Actor Christopher Lloyd To Provide A Historical Record For Future Civilizations.   
 Next Week On ClickHole. ClickHole's Official 2015 Academy Awards Bingo Card. Find Out What Joni Mitchell, Pink, And Kate Middleton Have To Say. What Today's Stars Would Have Looked Like In The  "90s. We Put A Falcon And A Rabbit In The Same Room Together. What Happened Will Not Surprise You.. I'm Tired Of People Whining On Facebook About How They're Rapidly Expanding. What Time Is It?.   
 The Situation In Syria Is A Mess, And This Is Coming From A Guy Who Has Seen His Fair Share Of Messes. How Many Of These John Grisham Novels Have You Read?. The Mysterious Shadows Of Skullshadow Island. 10 Members Of The 1927 Yankees Who you've Got To Assume Saw Babe Ruth Naked At Some Point. We Told This Child That Letting Go Of His Balloon Would Make A Plane Crash And He Did It Anyway. Find Out What Eva Longoria, Phil Mickelson, And Naomi Watts Have To Say. Is Mom Sad Crying Or Happy Crying?.    Women Tell You What They're REALLY Looking For In A Man. Parenting Win: This Loving Father Is Teaching His Son Terrible Things About The Tooth Fairy So That He's Not Sad When He Finds Out She's Not Real!. How Many Of These Subdivisions Have You Lived In?. Find Out What Robert De Niro, Jonathan Safran Foer, And Mila Kunis Have To Say. Say What You Will About Jaden Smith, But His Latest Tweets Show He's Got A Pretty Strong Grasp On How Vacuum Cleaners Work. This Make-A-Wish Kid Couldn't Decide What He Wanted So They Slid Him Along A Deli Counter Like A Sandwich. 10 Reasons Why P.E. Was The Worst. Class. EVER..   
 This Fan-Made  "Dawson's Creek " Slideshow Is Fine. We Can Determine Which State you're From Just From The Way You Answer This One Simple Question. This App Will Change The Way You Listen To Music. Keeping Our Childhoods Alive: These Heroic Doctors Have Been Sustaining The Pig From  "Babe " On Life Support For 18 Years. 5 Absolutely Legendary Celebrity Party Stories. Find Out What Barbara Corcoran, J.K. Rowling, And Katy Perry Have To Say. Heartwarming: This Man Loved His Dog So Much That When It Died He Snuck In And Buried It In Arlington National Cemetery.   
 Tips For Writing A Sincere Apology. Awkwardly Adorable! Watch These Parents Explain Loud Sex To Their Children For The First Time. How Big Will Your Tax Refund Be?. 6 U.S. Presidents Who Tried And Failed To Change The National Bird To The Moth. Find Out What Alex Rodriguez, Uma Thurman, And Anna Kendrick Have To Say. Think Depression Isn't A Thing? This Sad Man Edited Together Every Time Jesse Says  "Bitch " In  "Breaking Bad ". Eerie! Photo Shows Man In The Decade Right Before His Death.   
 All 8 Glorious Inches Of Purebred American Cock ...Ranked. Next Week On ClickHole. Have You Found Your Perfect Match?. Decoding Body Language: 7 Ways To Tell Someone Is Attracted To You. Here's What Valentine's Day Gifts REALLY Mean. Defying The Odds: This Woman Married The Sweetest, Kindest, Most Generous Man In The World. Find Out What Adele, 2 Chainz, And Gwyneth Paltrow Have To Say.    What If We Treated Men Like We Treat Women And Also JFK Were Still Alive?. 14 Romantic Date Ideas For Valentine's Day That Won't Break The Bank. Are You Ready To Make A Difference? Take The Pledge. Shocking: The Average Female CEO Only Makes 258 Times What Her Employees Make. Can You Identify These Candies Or Are You An Idiot?. Find Out What Marissa Mayer, Noam Chomsky, And Mark Cuban Have To Say. 8 Things No Guy Over 25 Should Have In His Apartment.    Need To Get Right With The Lord? Go To Church!. Who Is Strongest Of All?. EXCLUSIVE: The First James Bond Teaser For  "Spectre " Has Arrived. LeBron James Vs. Michael Jordan: The Definitive Head-To-Head Comparison. 9 Sentiments We Agree With Because They're On Cardboard Signs. Inspiring: How One Town's Pity Saved A Small Business. Find Out What Hope Solo, Jennifer Aniston, And Joaquin Phoenix Have To Say.   
 13 Next-Level Clapping Alternatives. How Well Do You Know These Famous American Folktales?. This Father Didn't Have Long To Live. So He Recorded Every Episode Of  "Smallville " For His Son.. Shameful: Less Than 10% Of Americans Can Draw Tim Robbins. Every Day, The TSA Catches People Smuggling Skeletons Through X-Ray Machines. Why Aren't They Doing Anything To Stop It?. 16 Pictures Of Martin Luther King Jr. Sprinting Through Times Square. 10 Jokes From Children's Shows You Didn't Get As A Kid.    Find Out What Prince, Ariana Grande, And Jeff Gordon Have To Say. 8 Emojis You Never Noticed Had Facial Flaws. Could This One Simple Trick Stop The Global Pollution Problem?. 7 Ripped-From-The-Headlines  "Law & Order " Episodes. Find Out What Julianne Moore, Bill Nye, And Tony Hawk Have To Say. This Photographer Revealed The Human Side Of Our Enemies And We Hate Him For It. We Already Knew The NSA Spies On Us. We Already Know Everything. Everything Is Boring..    A Crisis Of Leadership: No One In This Group Of Friends Stepped Up To Decide Where To Eat. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Words Of Affirmation Do You Recite To Yourself?. 6 Things That Your American History Book Got Wrong. Find Out What Natalie Cole, Al Pacino, And Rob Gronkowski Have To Say. LEAKED: Here Is The Email To All Businessmen Reminding Them They Have To Wear Suits. 5 Major Tattoo Fails.   
 Time To Admit That The Best Character On  "True Detective " Is The Detectives. Look At This Starving Stray Dog's Amazing Transformation. One Giant Leap: NASA Is Funneling All Its Resources Into Writing A Theme Song For Jupiter. This Woman Wrote An Amazing Letter To Her Younger Self. Would You Survive A Bear Attack?. Think Bullying Is Okay? So Do I. Let's Be Friends.. 5 Barely Smoked Cigarettes That Could Only Have Been Discarded By Demigods Of Opulence.    Embarrassing: The U.S. Is Ranked 182nd In The World Alphabetically. Find Out What Gordon Ramsay, Robert Downey Sr., And Heather Graham Have To Say. A Happy Ending! After 3 Years Of Raising This Panda In Captivity, Researchers Are Finally Releasing Her Into The Open Ocean!.  "Game Of Thrones " Fans Rejoice! The Guy In This Loud Bar Will Play You The Season 5 Trailer On His Phone. Lesbians Explain SimCity 4 Cheat Codes. We Put An XTR90 ExtremeCam On A Skier And It's Just As Good As A GoPro. How Many Of These  "Twilight Zone " Episodes Have You Seen?.    7 Scary Things Pulling An All-Nighter Does To Your Body. Which One Of The Backstreet Boy Stranglers Are You?. This Amazing New App Digitally Removes Eddie Vedder From Your Photos. Find Out What Terrence Malick, Allison Williams, And Chris Pratt Have To Say. 10 Adorable Pictures Of Little Kids In Casts That Will Make You Wish More Children Broke Bones. 8 Things You Should Know Before Getting Married. You'll Never Believe How Many Caterpillars Crawl Out Of The Mouth Of This Picture Of Bill Clinton.    Find Out What Dakota Johnson, Chris Hardwick, And Sam Smith Have To Say. God Help Us: Last Night Beyonce Dropped 6 New Albums, 2 Full-Length Documentaries, A Parenting Book, And A Line Of Greek Yogurts. The Problem With  "The Flash ": Flash Needs To Go Faster. Are You Old Money Or New Money?. 15 Things Only People On A First Date With Buckethead Say. Photoshop Tutorial Master: How To Make It Look Like you're Channing Tatum's Father. These Are The Greatest Movie Speeches Of All Time.   
 6 Famous Paintings That Look Totally Different From Behind. Amazing! This Weathervane Points To Wherever The Nearest Murder Is Happening!. Heartwarming: After This Family Lost Everything, Thousands Around The Country Pitched In To Mail Them Lunch Meat. Why I've Decided To Leave This Jimmy John's. How Many Of These War Movies Have You Seen?. Find Out What Jeremy Piven, Stanley Tucci, And Eddie Murphy Have To Say. I Hope To See A Latino President And A  "Party Down' Movie In My Lifetime.   
 Next Week On ClickHole. How Well Do You Know The Rules Of Football?. Find Out What Hillary Clinton, Bill Belichick, And Paul McCartney Have To Say. How The Standing Toilet Is Revolutionizing Workplace Health. I Saw The Kid Who Played Dewey In  "Malcolm In The Middle " The Other Day And I Did Nothing. If Someone Breaks Into Your Home, You Have The Right To Try Some Recipes Out On Them. Get The Tissues Ready: Watch These People React To The First 10 Minutes Of  "Up! ".   
 Amazing! Customer Surprises Hardworking Pizza Delivery Driver With His Own Pizza. 8 Things Never To Say To Creative People. 7 Hacks To Get The Most Out Of Your Chipotle Order. Do Us A Solid And Pass Along This  "Which Character From .  Are You? " Quiz To Your Parents, Okay?. Nothing To Hide: Meet The Man Who Still Hasn't Turned Off The Spotify Setting That Tells People What you're Listening To On Facebook. What John Boehner Got Right About Chasing Me Out Of His Home With A Bat. Why More Women Are Choosing To Have Waterslide Births.   
 Find Out What Mitt Romney, Ethan Hawke, And Toni Morrison Have To Say. 7 Photos From ISIS We Still Owe Them Royalty Payments For. Here Are The 5 Best Private Schools In America. Someone Edited Together The Ultimate PSA And It's Incredible. Faith In Humanity Restored! Passengers On This Screaming Red Bus Helped Put Out A House Fire. Sometimes You Have To Be The Bigger Person And Apologize While Subtly Pointing Out Everything Your Partner Did Wrong. Wow: Someone Compiled The Definitive List Of  "Harry Potter " Movies.    Find Out What James Taylor, Richard Sherman, And Benedict Cumberbatch Have To Say. This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Fight Club ". Science FTW! Archaeologists Have Uncovered The Bones Of Princess Diana. Time After Time I Refuse You And Still You Come Back To This House, Grigory?. Beautiful! Watch These Men Take Turns Explaining The Premise Of  "Boardwalk Empire " To One Another. 7 Movies That Originally Had Different Endings. Don't Know The Lyrics To  "The Dark Knight Rises? " Sing Along Anyway!.   
 Meet The Man Who Wrote The Song That Played During Dial-Up Internet Connections. Which  "Girls " Character Are You?. 7 Everyday Products That Were Invented By Accident. When I Look Into The Eyes Of My Newborn Son, I See Car Crashes That Haven't Happened Yet. Is This A Haiku? Believe It Or Not, It Is. Find Out What Sofia Coppola, Derek Fisher, And Bennett Miller Have To Say. How Many Of These School Pranks Have You And The Fellas Gotten Up To?.   
 8 Amazing Studio Tricks The Beatles Used To Record Songs. Illuminating! See These Early Sketches Of Your Favorite Cartoon Characters. Obama Quote Or Description Of A Ray Bradbury Book Cover?. The New Bill Murray? Dozens Of People Have Reported Being Accosted By This Man. I Am The New Person You Have To Know About Now. Beautiful! These Photos Of Diverse People Can Be Turned Into A Mosaic Of The American Flag Or Any Number Of Images. These Criminals Picked The Right Guy To Mess With.    Find Out What Leonardo DiCaprio, Karl Lagerfeld, And Scott Joplin Have To Say. How Many Of These Johnny Cash Songs Have You Heard?. The Door In My Stomach Leads To Hell, But I Tell Job Interviewers That It Leads To Madison Square Garden. Spiraling Out Of Control: This Man Spends 90 Minutes A Day Online. Meet The Terminally Ill Woman Who Is Choosing To End Her Life With Dignity, At The Snapping Jaws Of 20 Hungry Wolves. These Researchers Set Out To Debunk The Myth Of The Welfare Queen, But Then They Found Her Deep In The Appalachian Mountains, Ruling From Her Extravagant Palace Of Entitlements. Find Out What Ken Burns, Novak Djokovic, And Idina Menzel Have To Say.    Confused About How you're Supposed To Feel About  "American Sniper "? Here Are 20 Thinkpieces That Can Help You Put Things In Perspective. It's About Time! The Audience From  "Bruce Springsteen: Live In New York City " Is Finally Releasing A Solo Album. We Have A Winner: Say Hello To The Most Shared Image On The Internet. What English Sounds Like To Non-Speakers. Call Me Old-Fashioned, But I Still Prefer The Feel Of Newspaper Between My Thighs. The House From The Windows 95 Maze Screensaver Is Up For Sale. 15 Things Nobody Tells You About Being A Parent.    Where O " Where Do The Children Go?. Find Out What Tim Duncan, Larry Flynt, And Michael Douglas Have To Say. Well, This Is Depressing: The Average Person's Friend Group Is 30 Identical Genetic Clones Of Them. What Were They Thinking? The 5 Most Controversial MPAA Ratings. Incredible! Check Out This ATM Receipt For An Account With Over $8,000 In Available Funds!. The 8 Best  "This American Life " Episodes Of All Time. I Spent My Whole Life Defending Cruella De Vil. Then I Saw  "101 Dalmatians. ".   
 Are You A Rat's Nest Of Disease?. Find Out What Mike Huckabee, Vin Diesel, And Paul Thomas Anderson Have To Say. Inspiring: Doctors Said He Would Never Be A Pallbearer. Now He Hoists 14 Caskets A Week.. Seeing This Elderly Couple Dance With Each Other Will Absolutely Make Your Day. Tips For Crafting The Perfect Email Subject Line. 20 Reasons Why Your 20s Are Better Than Your 30s. Can You Tell Which Of These People Are Yawning And Which Of Them Are Getting Ready To Swallow A Giant Bird?.    How I Have Dealt With Sharing A Birthday With My Son. Priest's First Time In Snow. He Was Just Trying To Get Even With Some Cows. Now He Has His First Michelin Star.. Coincidence? The Similarities Between Kennedy and Lincoln Will Blow Your Mind. This Goofy Puppy Goes Absolutely Bonkers When You Give Him Chicken. Find Out What Jeremy Renner, Ellar Coltrane, And Elizabeth Warren Have To Say. The Kids At School Bullied Him ...Until He Had A Defensive Ink Sac Surgically Inserted Into His Mouth.    All The Seinfelds, Ranked. An Underdog Story: These Amazing Parents Outlived Their Child. Whoa: Elijah Wood Got RIPPED For His Directorial Debut. I Was There When Shaq Broke A Backboard And I Did Nothing. WATCH: Family Unboxing. Proof That God Doesn't Exist? Say Hello To The Man Who Used To Be Religious, But Isn't Anymore. Are You A Beer Snob?.    Find Out What Earl Sweatshirt, Meryl Streep, And Michael Keaton Have To Say. Counting Down Kid Rock's Top 7 Breaths With The American Badass Himself. All Downhill From Here: 6 Episodes Where Beloved TV Shows Jumped The Shark. Next Week On ClickHole. Things That Change Once you're In Your 30s. Do Our Inner-City Students Have Enough Safe Spaces To Connect With Brands?.  "I Saved 6 Children From A Burning Building ": One Liar's Incredible True Story.    Find Out What Channing Tatum, Anthony Davis, And Nicolas Cage Have To Say. Why I Chose To Give Up My Ribs (And Why I Got Them Put Back In). 5 Amazingly Awkward Family Photos If You Know The Individual Backstories. Watch This Man's Face When He Sees What He Would Look Like As A Tiny Little Man!. Finally! Here's The Full List Of The 2015 Oscar And Mule Awards Nominations. We Grade All 5 Episodes Of  "Gilmore Girls ". Finally! A Fork By Guys, For Guys.   
 The 8 People You Meet At Every Super Bowl Party. How Well Do You Know The Pledge Of Allegiance?. 60 Cities In 60 Days: John Malkovich Is Touring The Country Explaining Why Cyrus The Virus Is Not The Bad Guy In  "Con Air ". 16 Grapes That, When Arranged Just So, Resemble A Hugely Muscular Ant. My 2-Month-Old Son Won't Stop Demanding Soda In A Grown Man's Voice. Does Anyone Have Any Advice?. Find Out What Thom Yorke, Ava DuVernay, And Keanu Reeves Have To Say. Watch People Talk About The First Time They Had Sex.    If You Can Get Past The Fact That This Guy Is Dead, His Shirt Actually Makes A Really Good Point. 5 Societies That Died Out Because They Didn't Have Breakfast. Can You Solve These Math Problems Or Identify A Baseball?. We Couldn't Reunite The Cast Of  "The Office, " So We Just Had All These People Walk Into A Room One At A Time While The Theme Song Played. 7 Super Bowl Traditions From Around The Country. I'm Sorry I Compared Your Personal Tragedy To Something That Happened On  "Law & Order ". Check Out These  "Where's Waldo? " Images With Waldo Removed!.    They Spelled It  "Sean ": How One Barista Destroyed This Man's Morning. 8 Terrifying Urban Legends That Will Keep You Up At Night. Find Out What Carrie Underwood, Tobey Maguire, And Bruce Springsteen Have To Say. The Average Woman: This Anthropologist Blended Thousands Of Faces And One Horse To See What The Average American Woman Looks Like. 5 Blithe Retorts That Made Dowager Hearst Exclaim  "Heavens Me! " At Lord Pickley's Winter Ball. It's Hard To Juggle Being A Single Dad, Working Full-Time, Collecting Rare Stamps, Trying To Steal John Tyler From Disney World's Hall Of Presidents, And Being The First Person To Cross The Atlantic On A Pool Noodle All At Once. 17 Things Every Father Wants To Hear His Kid Say.    8 Ways To Make Sure Your Super Bowl Party Is Inclusive Of All Snack Beliefs. Weird Things Mountains Do When Nobody Is Looking. Find Out What Eva Longoria, Alan Gilbert, And Reese Witherspoon Have To Say. This Has Gotta Be The Worst Parallel Parking Job Of All Time!. 6 Incredible Stress-Reducing Life Hacks That Work Best If You Have Access To Some Sort Of Natural Geyser. So Moving! Read The Transcript Of Richard Linklater's Heartfelt Golden Globes Acceptance Speech. So Fired: 8 Disastrous  "Reply All " Work Emails.    Watch This Kind Stranger Put A Blanket On A Mailbox. How Many Of These Board Games Have You Played?. What Robert Downey Jr. Would Look Like Today. Heartwarming! This Fraternity Brother Came Out As Gay And Was Still Just As Much Of An Asshole. 7 Slices Of Pizza You Should Invite To Your Super Bowl Party. Stock Up, Sriracha Fans: The Family That Produces Every Ounce Of Sriracha From Their Ears Is Calling It Quits. Supercut Of Souls Coming Out Of Bald Athletes " Heads On Cold Days.    Find Out What John Cena, Neil Gaiman, And Garth Brooks Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Game-Changers! 6 Ways To Throw The Greatest Super Bowl Party Of All Time. 18 Incredible Ways The World Will Change During Your Lifetime. The 10 Things All Indian Parents Said In Unison Yesterday Without Knowing Why. Are You Smart Enough To Work For Google?. Find Out What Gordon Ramsay, Mel Kiper Jr., And Heidi Klum Have To Say.    Doctors Told Him He Only Had 6 Months To Live. 6,000 Years Later He's Still Proving Them Wrong.. 7 Incredible Life Milestones That Pale In Comparison To Bowling A 300. Please Imagine That Ted Danson Is In This Video Asking You For Change. The Kindest Man Alive: Jon Hamm Did Push-Ups In Front Of Shelter Dogs For 3 Hours Yesterday. 7 Celebs Who Were Awkward Teens. Find Out What Colin Trevorrow, Bradley Cooper, And The 2Pac Hologram Have To Say. Watch This Elderly Man Listen To One Direction For The Last Time.    Can You Identify These Breakfast Items By Their Diner Slang?. The Myth Of The American Dream: This Family Has Been In The U.S. For 3 Generations And Still None Of Them Has Been President. 7 Things You Have To Do When Attending Your Own Funeral In Disguise. Has George Reilly Let The County Down, Friend?. Wow: No One On  "WWE Raw " Was Mad Enough To Fight Each Other Last Night, So They Just Sent All The Fans Home. They Don't Age! Can You Tell These Celebrities And Their Younger Selves Apart?. Did You Know That Americans Waste 25 Million Styrofoam Cups To Make Little Houses For Mice Every Year?.   
 20 Times Pope Francis Won Us Over. Benjamin Franklin's Daily Schedule Will Make You Feel Worthless. How Many Of These Freaky Things Have Happened To You?. 6 Replacements For A Doctor That'll Work Just Fine In A Pinch. Wow. Only Knowing A Few Words From The Song Didn't Stop Him From Singing Along With Everyone Else. Awesome! This Man Wore A GoPro While Doing Squats On The Brooklyn Bridge. Find Out What Brad Pitt, Bill Engvall, And Hugh Jackman Have To Say.   
 How Many Of These New Year's Resolutions Have You Made?. The Ability To Play As Bowser Has Made Our Society More Evil. How To Tell If The Milk's Gone Bad. He's 38, But He Identifies As A  "90s Kid--And He's Not Alone. This Beautiful Minimalist List Shows Us Just How Simple And Elegant Internet Content Can Be. Modern-Day Robin Hood: How One Contractor Is Taking Industrial Waste From Rich Companies And Dumping It In Poor Communities. Find Out What Sergey Brin, Eric Clapton, And Amanda Bynes Have To Say.    The 7 Most Badass Eating Challenges In America. Find Out What Kyle Chandler, Taylor Swift, And Channing Tatum Have To Say. 9 Tips For The Perfect Midnight Kiss On New Year's Eve. Find Out What Zach de la Rocha, Ralph Fiennes, And Marion Cotillard Have To Say. Awesome! The Sun Is Blacking Out For Net Neutrality. And What A Year It's Been: Looking Back On The Best, Worst, And Weirdest Stories That Made 2014 An Incredible Year For The Internet. Everything You Need To Know About The Dangerous Teen Trend  "Wodehousing ".   
 Find Out What Don Cheadle, Rory McIlroy, And Kevin Kline Have To Say. Does Your Nativity Scene Have These Pieces?. My New Year's Resolution Is To Land This Cessna. 8 Genius Packing Tips For Holiday Travelers. 7 New Carols To Sing This Christmas.  "Cosby " Fans Rejoice! Here's A Way To Enjoy  "The Cosby Show " Without Feeling Weird. Home For The Holidays! The 8 People You Always Run Into.    Uncompromising: This Tyrant Unfriends All Dissidents As An Example To The Rest.  "90s Kid Forever! This Man Still Chooses To Watch Scrambled Porn. In Memoriam: Remembering All The Content That Didn't Go Viral This Year. 5 Reasons To Study The Humanities. Find Out What Cher, Rosamund Pike, And Josh Brolin Have To Say. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To Mariah Carey's  "All I Want For Christmas Is You "?. Why I Don't Consider Myself A Registered Sex Offender.    This Will Change The Way You Watch  "Love Actually ". Awesome! These Guys Say The Coolest Skateboard Tricks!. Find Out What Barkhad Abdi, Enya, And Pharrell Have To Say. Creepy! Everyone Stabbed With This Knife Dies In 3 Days. It's Official: Anthony Hopkins Was The Best-Behaved Celebrity Of 2014. It's Time To Talk To God! We Count Down The 7 Hottest Prayers This Holiday Season. 7 Amazing Stories Behind Celebrities " Stage Names.   
 How Well Do You Know  "The Hobbett "?. Ever Wondered What's Going On In The Nativity Scene? We "ll Break It Down For You. They Laughed At First, But By The End They Were On Their Feet. Find Out What Chris Rock, Mitt Romney, And Reese Witherspoon Have To Say. 7 Reasons You'll Probably Be Okay Without Health Insurance. Francophile To The Extreme: Meet The Man Who Loves France So Much He Became The President Of It. Celebrities.    Are You Ready For Christmas?. 8 DIY Christmas Decorations You Can Print Out At Home. 8 Unique Ways Christmas Is Celebrated Around The Globe. This Woman's Cover Of The Beatles "  "Good Fun' Is Incredible. 9 Tips To Help You Power Through Finals Week. Find Out What Steve Carell, Jay Z, And Viggo Mortensen Have To Say. These Words Were Added To The Dictionary In 2014.    A New Face At Sterling Cooper! Matthew Weiner Announced Wario Will Play A Crucial Role In The Final Episodes Of  "Mad Men ". Trouble In Paradise? Brad Pitt And Jennifer Aniston Are Spending The Holidays Apart. How Well Do You Know The Biggest News Stories Of 2014?. Next Week On ClickHole. Will Hanukkah Consume You?. It's Probably Too Late Now, But I Think I Could Have Saved Enron. Cool! This Map Shows Which States " Residents Say  "Wyoming " The Most.    You Can Either Verify Whether This Inspirational Story Is True Or Share It Now And Reap The Precious Social Capital. Find Out What Colin Firth, Steve Buscemi, And Ashton Kutcher Have To Say. 6 Actors Who Were Discovered By Chance. 10 Images That Make The Lincoln Memorial Go  "Aww " For Some Reason. How Many Of These Classic  "Peanuts " Specials Have You Seen?. 7 Most Common Email Scams To Watch Out For. I Keep My Grandfather's Mind Active By Calling Him Every Day And Telling Him World War II Never Happened.    This Guy Had The Perfect Reaction To Watching His Favorite Team Lose. Is This The Future Of Reading?. 6 American Television Shows That Started In England. Stretch Armstrong Is Coming Back! And This Time With Nipples!. Find Out What Courteney Cox, Hayden Panettiere, And Meryl Streep Have To Say. DO NOT PUB. Need A Pretzel Buddy? This Guy Has You Covered.    Beautiful! Here's What The Muppets Would Look Like As Women Of Color. Okay, This Is Getting Ridiculous: Stores Are Already Rolling Out Their Christmas Stuff For Christmas 2015. Are You A Left-Brain Person Or A Right-Brain Person?. Find Out What Margot Robbie, Benjamin McKenzie, And Mitt Romney Have To Say. The 11 Things We Thought Of In 11 Seconds. 10 Signs That Rick Ross Is Still Alive. Class Action Finally Settled! If You Owned A Tamagotchi In The  "90s, you're Gonna Be Mailed A Live Dog.   
 How I Got Back Out There After My Wife Left Me And Took All My Belts. Incredible! This Child Wet The Bed During A Sleepover And Managed To Throw Away The Sheets Before Anyone Found Out!. Even The Cars Stop To Watch This Incredible Street Performer. 7 Ways Actors Went Above And Beyond To Prepare For Their Film Roles. 5 Movies Ruined By Blatant Product Placement. Find Out What Martha Stewart, Eminem, And Michael Keaton Have To Say. Be Honest, Is This The Hardest  "Harry Potter " Quiz You'll Ever Take? We Can Handle It..    How Many Of These Classic Protest Songs Do You Know?. Cat Thinks It's Civil War Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest!. 7 Generic GIFs That Are Just As Good As The Name Brands. Inspiring: This Terminally Ill Child's Final Wish Was To Meet The Rock. 8 Years Later, The Movie Star Is Making Good. Unleashing Your Creativity: 17 Tips For Tapping Into The Power Of Your Brain. Enough. It's Time To Take Bullying Out Of Schools And Into Warehouses Where Anything Goes. Find Out What David Bowie, Nicole Kidman, And Gwyneth Paltrow Have To Say.    Say Hello To The Hip L.A. Restaurant Where Elephants Are Going To Die. Next Week On ClickHole. We Asked 22 Strangers How Far They Think They Can Throw Ellen Page. Who Said It: Ron Swanson, Ernest Hemingway, Or Someone Else?. 8 Things All Surgeons Whisper To You Once They're Sure you're Under Anesthetic. This Man Can't Even Speak English And You Won't Believe What He Accomplished. Find Out What Daniel Craig, Mickey Rourke, And Cormac McCarthy Have To Say.   
 EXCLUSIVE: Mystery Woman Spotted With Mystery Man!. All Religions Are Beautiful. If Darth Vader Was Your Table. Weird Things All Guys Do When Women Aren't Around. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To The  "Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air " Theme Song?. Proud And Proud Of It: Meet The Woman Who's Proud And Proud Of The Fact She's Proud Of Being Proud. The Kids At School Bullied Him Just For Being Different. So He Changed..    Find Out What Benjamin Netanyahu, Ira Glass, And J.K. Rowling Have To Say. Stories Of Recovery: When This Man Started Brewing His Own Beer, His Friends Helped Him Stop. Watch What Happens When We Drop Wallets In Front Of Homeless People. A Total Stranger Left This Heartwarming Note On A Woman's Windshield. Worst Music Video Ever?. The 8 DUMBEST Criminals Of All Time. 9 Sexual Images Hidden In Your Favorite Disney Cartoons.    Find Out What Michael Buble, Mary-Kate Olsen, And Solange Have To Say. Medical Marvel! Meet The 30-Year-Old Man Who Never Lost His Baby Toes. 5 Presidents Then And Now. 20 Facts That Will Make You Rethink Everything You Know About Science. 6 Easter Eggs You Might Have Missed From The  "Star Wars " Trailer. How Many Of These Common Fears Haunt You Constantly?. Yesterday's  "Daily Show " Nailed It.   
 Could This Bog Be The Next Big Swamp?. This Fanboy Loves  "Star Wars " So Much He Plans To Watch  "The Force Awakens " In Theaters. Find Out What Niall Horan, Sarah Michelle Gellar, And Randy Newman Have To Say. And Now, The Starting Lineup For Your Chicago Bulls!. What A Difference 6 Months Make: Calendars Then Versus Now. How Deep Is Your Love For The Beautiful Super Mario? How Endless Is Your Devotion?. Shameful: The President Makes Just $20,000 A Year, Excluding Tips.     "I Actually Kind Of Give A Shit ": A Teen Reveals His Darkest Secret. 7 Nonexistent Traits To Look For In Your Next Boyfriend. Find Out What Katie Couric, Mitt Romney, And Daryl Hall Have To Say. Find Out What Gwyneth Paltrow, Paul Simon, And Hal Holbrook Have To Say. 12 Amazing Black Friday Deals. How To Draw A Perfect Hand Turkey. 7 Patches You'll Want On Your Thanksgiving Dreamcoat.    If Only All Dads Cared As Much About Protecting Their Kids From Birds Of Prey As This One. Inspirational! Deaf Woman Hears Music For The First Time. How Well Do You Know The Story Of Thanksgiving?. It Happened To Me: Nick Took Over My School And Wouldn't Leave. This Old Man Got His Lifelong Wish To Roll Around In The Drum Of A Cement Truck Just To See What It Was Like. We Asked 12 Vegetarians To Draw A Picture Of A Turkey And This Is What They Came Up With. Find Out What The Dalai Lama, Chris Hemsworth, And Jason Statham Have To Say.   
 Is It Time For High School Football Coaches To Relax Their Stance On Lollygagging?. What's Your Celebrity Cat Name?. Fiddle-Dee-Dee! I Am The Quizmaster Who Shall Test Your Abilities!. How To Make Your Cat Into A Celebrity. And If This Self-Effacing Blog Post Highlights My Appealing Quirks, So Be It. 8 Game-Changing Keyboard Shortcuts You Need To Be Using. Inspiring: For Every Blimp It Sells, This Blimp Company Is Giving Away A Free Blimp To An Impoverished Child In Africa.   
 Find Out What Will Smith, Martha Stewart, And Criss Angel Have To Say. One Story Told Week By Week: Could  "Suits " Be The Next  "Serial "?. 10 Reasons You Just Gotta Put The Gun Down. Incredible! Man Zips His Fly Up In The Middle Of Conversation Without Anyone Noticing!. Next Week On ClickHole. Where Did These Daddies Go?. Cat Is Terrified Of Its Own Reflection!.    Get Excited,  "90s Kids! A  "Zoobooks " Theme Park Is In The Works. My Double Life As An Internet Comment. Find Out What Bobby Flay, Michael Jordan, And Dwayne Johnson Have To Say. 9 Stunning Pics That Prove Thomas Jefferson's Mount Rushmore Head Needs To Be The Next Bachelor. This Started Out As A Small Kitchen Fire And It Grew Into Something Amazing. What Does It Mean To Be A Man?. Which One Of My Garbage Sons Are You?.   
 The 8 Most Devastating Celebrity Finishing Moves. Why I Sent My Kids Through An Interdimensional Particle Vortex (And Why You Should Too). A True Patriot: Meet The Man Who Keeps An Extra Pillow In His House Just In Case The President Needs To Spend The Night. Find Out What Matt LeBlanc, Portia de Rossi, And Rachel Maddow Have To Say. Superfan: This Man Has Agreed To Be Murdered To Ensure A Second Season Of  "Serial ". Why We Yawn. Oh Man! 10 Full Minutes Of Kissing! Nice..    10 Awesomely Offbeat Ideas For Your Nontraditional Wedding. How Many Of These Bald Eagles Do You Recognize?. 7 NORMAL Bedtimes That Prove Mine Is Unfair. Find Out What Jennifer Aniston, Tim Cook, And Chuck Palahniuk Have To Say.  "Wooly Bully " Is Sweeping Across America Again, Only This Time Much Louder. 5 Outrageously Awkward Text Message Breakups. WATCH: Suspicious Package Unboxing.   
 5 Outrageously Awkward Text Message Breakups. WATCH: Suspicious Package Unboxing. The Next Big Thing: If You Don't Know The Name Craig Ferland Now, You Will Soon. Find Out What Will.i.am, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, And Giada De Laurentiis Have To Say. 6 Shots Of Fans Going Wild For Other, More Successful People. I Don't See Minorities. How Many Bones Do You Have?.   
 8 Weirdest Historical Deaths. This Man Stripped Down In Case There's Any Charity Out There That Needs That. Goodnight, Sweet Prince: Beloved Baseball Monster Mr. Met Dies At 10,000. Find Out What Mariska Hargitay, Bill Gates, And Joan Didion Have To Say. When This Family's Dog Went Missing, They Didn't Know What To Do. That's The End Of The Story.. 6 Sunsets That Would Be More Peaceful If It Weren't For Your Loudly Growling Stomach. Next Week On ClickHole.    9 Reasons We Are Excited For Dad To Come Back To Life. Things Looking Up For Democrats? Obama Just Got Retweeted By @midnight. I'm Kind Of Like A Modern-Day Horse Doctor. Lips.. Are You An Astronomy Nerd?. Find Out What Brad Pitt, Christopher Nolan, And Ari Emanuel Have To Say. Are You An Outdoors Person, An Indoors Person, A Sometimes Indoors-Sometimes Outdoors Person, A Person Who Doesn't Like To Pigeonhole Themselves As An Outdoors Person Or As An Indoors Person, Or Just A Regular Person Who Doesn't Like To Play Games And Sometimes, When Angered, Means Serious Business?.    This Powerful Texting While Crouch-Walking PSA Will Move You. If Black People Said The Things My Doctor Says. Is This Dog A Time Traveler?. I'm Only Hard On The Movie  "Interstellar " Because My Father Was Hard On Me. 10 Hard Truths You Learn In Your 26,350s. 8 Kittens That God Forbid Could Be Used To Prop Up A Wobbly Table. This Might Not Be  "Politically Correct " Enough For You Overly Sensitive Social Justice Warriors, But All Of The Planets Are Men.   
 Find Out What Claire Danes, Donald Rumsfeld, And Jim Parsons Have To Say. Which Internet-Famous Cat Will You Be?. Will You Click This Picture Of A Sexy Woman, Even If We Tell You That The Video Just Shows Nature Footage?. Dog Plays Piano! Man Versus Escalator! Behold The Scrollable Circus Of Wonder And Horror!. How Many Of These Wu-Tang-Affiliated Rappers Are You Familiar With?. Heartwarming! This Cop Cares So Much For The People In His Town That He Doesn't Kill Them!. Find Out What Jon Hamm, Alan Greenspan, And Brad Paisley Have To Say.    Fall In Love With Sam Smith's  "Stay With Me " All Over Again With This Beautiful Timpani Cover. Faith In Humanity Restored! This Wealthy Museum Owner Donated A Sphinx To This Local Elementary School And Changed These Kids " Lives Forever. There's An Island Of Trash In The Pacific The Size Of Texas And I'm Going To Rule It. Getting The Feels: 6 Emotional Songs You Never Knew Were About Hunger Pains. 9 Pictures Of French Stewart That Will Leave Your Gash Sopping Wet. Stupid Criminal Puts Money INTO The Bank. Diva Alert! 5 Bizarre Musician Dressing Room Demands.   
 IT HAPPENED TO ME: I Was Howie Mandel. Boston's Best Puddles To Dip Your Face In And Blow Bubbles. Find Out What Jerry Sandusky, Mario Batali, And Chris Hemsworth Have To Say. We Accidentally Sent The Cast Of  "Blossom " Into Space For A Couple Of Hours Once. 2 Fat Little Legs That Drive All Moms Wild!. LIFE HACK: Most Restaurants Will Let You Die There For Free. Scandal: Senator Harry Reid Texted Illicit Photographs Of His Tail To A Female Intern.    Find Out What LeBron James, Ben Affleck, And Lou Bega Have To Say. 37 Dogs Guaranteed To Brighten Your Day. Next Week On ClickHole.  "Toy Story " Is Coming Back, And This Time Andy Is The Toy!. Anthropologists Are On The Verge Of Figuring Out How you're Supposed To Read Tumblr Comments. How Many Of These Thoughts Have You Had?. This Incredible Sleep System Has Maximized My Efficiency.    Find Out What Benedict Cumberbatch, Nas, And Kyle Chandler Have To Say. 6 Products With Animals On (And Sometimes In) Their Packaging. Lies All Couples Tell Each Other. Ready To Feel Old? Lunch Was Over An Hour Ago. 5 Foods you've Been Eating Completely Wrong. How Well Do You Know The Lyrics To  "Hey Ya! "?. Find Out What Zooey Deschanel, Jorge Garcia, And Jason Alexander Have To Say.    6 Of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers And Tony Bennett.  "90s Kids Rejoice! The Spider Eggs They Used To Fill Beanie Babies Are Finally Hatching!. 18 Insane (But True!) Sex Facts. Absolutely Adorable! This Company Let This Man's Son Tell Him He's Fired. 7 Nihilistic Quotes That Only Brilliant, Misunderstood Young Males On The Internet Will Appreciate. What Is Your Social Status According To Jenna?. What To Do After The Job Interview When you're Standing In A Closet That You Thought Was The Exit.   
 Will Marvel Ever Create A Knuckleballer Superhero?. Find Out What Ed Sheeran, Janelle Monae, And LL Cool J Have To Say. It's Weirdly Mesmerizing To Watch These People Try To Catch Entire Bags Of Cheetos In Their Mouths. Here Is Where You Vote!. 7 Incredible Stories Behind Your Favorite Beatles Songs. Ranking Senate Candidates Based On How Rowdy they'd Let A House Party Get Before Reining It In. FYI: You Can Buy As Much Human Hair As You Want And You Won't Get Put On Any Watchlists.    10 Things Only I Will Understand. They Said he'd Never Walk Again. But Who Were They, And Why Were They Saying Stuff About Him?. Find Out What Eli Roth, David Hockney, And Jack White Have To Say. All The F-Words In  "The American President ". 10 Surprisingly Effective 2 P.M. Pick-Me-Ups. Finally! This App Tells You Whenever Your Parents Are Having Sex. Who Gives A Fuck?.    That Last Lightning Bolt: Pretty Close!. 2 Celebrities In Snuggies Is Enough For A Listicle, Right?. Major Breakthrough: This Group Of Scientists Just Discovered  "Pinkerton ". Find Out What Kobe Bryant, Haruki Murakami, And Ellen Pompeo Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Watch This Homeless Man Take His First Steps Inside A Brand-New Haunted House. What Celebrities Who Died Young Would Look Like Today.   
 The Best Two-Sentence Horror Stories Of All Time. 6 Incredible Couples Costumes That Weren't Enough To Salvage Things. 27 Boo Variations To Try This Halloween. Find Out What Kristen Stewart, Stephen King, And J. Cole Have To Say. Best Halloween Costume Ever? This Woman Dressed Up As A Car. The All-Time Best College Fight Songs. How New York Are You?.   
 8 Cashiers Who Think They're People. If Otzi The Iceman Were Alive Today, he'd Be A Democrat. Whoa: ABC Just Canceled  "Modern Family " In Order To Teach People That Something You Love Can Be Taken From You With No Warning Whatsoever. Find Out What Michael Keaton, Skrillex, And Noam Chomsky Have To Say. 10 Unforgettable Photos Of Cats. 8 Ways Your Life Isn't Like Harry Potter. Exploring The Origins Of 4 Halloween Traditions.   
 Is Corn A Superfood? Sure, Why Not. Find Out What Jimmy Kimmel, Meryl Streep, And Michael Caine Have To Say. 7 Historic Conflicts That Could Have Been Resolved Amicably With A Good Meal. Wow: This Guy Is Listening To  "The Facts Of Life " Theme Song And Nobody Knows. Can You Tell Which Of These People Lost A Lot Of Weight And Which Ones Just Bought Big Pants?. Watch The White Building Closely. Litany Of Lies: A Third-Grader's Reading Log EXPOSED.    6 Famous Cats, 1 Selfie. You MUST See The Pic That's Breaking The Internet. 7 Shapes We're Sick Of Seeing In Our Social Media Feeds. We Would Like To Make The Following Corrections To Our  "13 Hedgehogs Who Need A Vacation' List. Let's Move! Michelle Obama Urges Kids To Get Outside And Check Out The Dead Guy She Found. Find Out What Macaulay Culkin, Stan Lee, And Rick Scott Have To Say. How Many Of These Young Adult Novels Have You Read?. Can You Solve These 4 Brain-Busting Riddles?.    Can You Solve These 4 Brain-Busting Riddles?.  "Cha-Cha-Cha ": Meet The Boy Who's Bringing A Daring New Edge To The  "Happy Birthday " Song. 8 Reasons Why Yellow Is A Better Color Than Orange Even Though They're Both Still Pretty Good. You Need To Stop Reading This Immediately, Track Down Your Kids, And Talk To Them About Sex. Historical Game-Changer: These Archaeologists Discovered Their Own Remains Buried Beneath The Earth. Fighting Back: The CIA Has Launched A Brutal ISIS Parody Account On Twitter. Ebola Written 12 Times In Red Font Over Pictures Of People In Hazmat Suits.    Find Out What Edward Snowden, Shonda Rhimes, And Kevin Spacey Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. This Brilliant 11-Year-Old Ballerina Is Living Proof That Children Can Achieve Anything If We Push Them To The Breaking Point. What We're Really Saying When We Make Fun Of Julia Roberts " New Arm. Who Is Your Celebrity Cousin?. World On Alert: Has The American Ebola Outbreak Spread To Africa?. It Is Important To Honor Those Who Made Others Die For Our Freedom.    These Awesome Photos Of Hyenas That Someone Keeps Mailing Us Will Absolutely Blow You Away. Find Out What Sylvester Stallone, Kevin Kline, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. Is There Anything Specific I Should Bring Tomorrow?. Soldier Returning From Afghanistan Surprises Total Stranger. I Regret Waiting Until Marriage To Have Sex With All 3 Members Of Yo La Tengo. Cry.. 8 Historic Events We'd Tailgate If We Could.    Amazing Colorized Versions Of Black-And-White Photos Make History Come Alive. Find Out What Jon Bon Jovi, Jon Bon Jovi, And Jon Bon Jovi Have To Say. Just Where Do You Think you're Going Dressed Like That?. WATCH: Burrito Unboxing. 13 EXCLUSIVE Pippa Middleton Bikini Pics Drawn In Crayon. Find Out What Harry Connick, Jr., Kendrick Lamar, And Michael Jordan Have To Say. A Summary Of The Gamergate Movement That We Will Immediately Change If Any Of Its Members Find Any Details Objectionable.   
 A Summary Of The Gamergate Movement That We Will Immediately Change If Any Of Its Members Find Any Details Objectionable. We Put 700 Red Dots On A Map. Having Fun Is Great. So Why Do We Sometimes Not Have Fun?. Wow: Scientists Taught This Baseball Manager A Rudimentary Sign Language. WATCH: A Recap Of Last Night's Episode Of  "Spaderville ". 17 Incredible Google Doodles We'd Make If We Knew How. Sorry, This Video Of A Flower Growing Probably Should Have Been Sped Up, Not Slowed Down.   
    , It's Time To Have A National Conversation That Doesn't Include Input From Celebrities, Because Yikes. This Terminally Ill Child, For Whatever Reason, Wanted To Be Visited By Stone Phillips. 6 Pistachios Without Cracks, Forever Shrouded In Mystery. Find Out What Nate Silver, Pat Sajak, And Michael McDonald Have To Say. 10 Quotes Lookin' Pretty At Home Next To Mark Twain. This Teen Has An Inspiring Message For His Bully, Then Gets Totally Owned By The Bully's Surprisingly Convincing Rebuttal. How Well Do You Know  "Saved By The Bell "?.   
 7 Signs That Leah Remini Is Hiding Around The Corner Waiting To Throw A Trash Barrel On Your Head. Is Pittsburgh The New Austin? The Austin We Hoped And Dreamed Of, The Austin That Was Foretold?. We Take A Look Back At Everything That's Ever Happened: Part 1. Find Out What Beyonce, Mitt Romney, And Laura Linney Have To Say. I Took A Picture Of My Son With My Canon PowerShot G1 X And He Disappeared Forever. 8 Things Every Tailgate Needs, No Matter The Occasion, Time, People, Or Plane Of Reality. Next Week On ClickHole.    The 7 Most Shocking Plot Twists Of All Time. This Kid Is Definitely Going To Hell. They Said 8 Pictures Of Karl Malone Wouldn't Get Clicks. They Underestimate Your Thirst For Viral Content.. Find Out What Stephen King, Patrick Stewart, And Gordon Ramsay Have To Say. A Mother Somehow Just Knows When Her Child Is On Fire. This Woman Is Strong, Sexy, And Brave--Even If She Does Have Both Legs. 7 Lies Barack Obama Has Told America.    I Know This Sounds Like Spam, But I Really Did Double My Mass In TWO WEEKS And Now Women Can't Get Enough Of Me And I'm SCARED. 6 Out-Of-The-Norm Places You Need To Tailgate Before You Die. Here Are The Finalists For Our Caption Contest!. 8 Female Sloths That We Bet Male Sloths Would Find Pretty Attractive. Meet The Puppeteer Behind Blue Ivy. 6 Surprising Origins For Popular Sayings. I Am Off To Write The Great American Listicle.    Are You A Dog Person Or An Ant Person?. Find Out What Josh Brolin, Kate Hudson, And Robert De Niro Have To Say. MUST SEE: Worst Somersault EVER!!!. This Video Perfectly Sums Up Everything You Need To Know About Sexism In America. Peter, Emily, Eric, Lucy, Peter, And Rebecca. Uplifting: This Donated Computer Lab Helps Students Take Their Cyber-Bullying To The Next Level. 8 Brave Souls Who Dared To Try New Things And Miraculously Didn't Die In The Process.    I Know I'd Feel A Lot Better If The Moon Had A Birthday. OMG: This Creative Boyfriend Proposed To His Girlfriend Without An Elaborate Viral Video. If There's A Video Game Where Kids Can Kill Their Parents, That's Wrong. 6 Things Everyone Experiences When They Go Through Second Puberty. Find Out What Vin Scully, Pope Francis, And Martin Sheen Have To Say. 7 Things Robots Will Never Be Able To Do As Well As Humans. Literally Amazing! This Incredible Dad Loved His Family So Much He Got Eye Enlargement Surgery So He Could Look At Them More.    What Do You Wish To Confess, My Child?. This Man Accidentally Took A Photo Of The Inside Of His Pocket Every Day For A Year. Insane Speed-Reader Tears Through 2,500-Word Warranty Agreement In 4 Seconds. 10 GIFs We'd Like To See Turned Into Broadway Musicals. Big Red Horizon: My Journey Through The American Justice System. Find Out What Nas, Chris Evans, And Willie Nelson Have To Say. 7 Things In Our Food That We Need To Be Aware Of.   
 Finally! A Social Media Site With No Ads, Pictures, Words, Colors, Or Content [UPDATE]. 6 Short Male Celebrities To Give You A Fleeting Sense Of Superiority. Which Breakfast Food Are You?. Everyday Hero: This Brave Man Was About To Help A Woman Having A Seizure, But Then Someone Else Stepped In. 6 Magic Tricks That Someone Should Get Working On. Watch How These Kids React To A Boombox Playing A Recording Of Their Parents Fighting. How I Spent A Week Without Helicopters.    8 Signs He's Cheating. Check Out These SMOKING Rihanna Nip Slips. Find Out What Deadmau5, Chad Michael Murray, Derrick Rose Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. Just Tags. Kissing Is Sex. Here Are The Opening Credits To  "90s Sitcom  "Flying Blind " In Case Anyone Is Nostalgic For That.    When This Fourth-Grader Was Diagnosed With Leukemia, He Never Expected His Classmates To Build Him This Towering Neo-Gothic Mausoleum. Find Out What Kanye West, Viggo Mortensen, And Matthew McConaughey Have To Say. 9 Regional Tailgating Rules. Definitive Ranking Of U.S. Presidents By How Many Of Their Bones We Could Obtain. 6 Best Movies Inspired By  "SNL " Sketches. The World's Bustiest Skylines. How Many Of These Smells Can You Identify?.    Drastic Times: This Man Never Makes Political Posts On Facebook But He's Making An Exception Just This Once. 10 Easy Steps. Find Out What Wolf Blitzer, Laurence Fishburne, And Kirk Douglas Have To Say. 7 Tailgating Superstitions Proven To Help Your Team Win. This Is Slow-Motion Footage Of A Slinky. If You Don't Watch, We "ll Understand.. This Woman Has Never Won The Lottery, But She Was Still Able To Ruin Her Own Life. No Parent Should Have To Endure The Agony And Heartbreak Of Having A Shitty Kid.    I Apologize For Saying That If Lord Voldemort Were Real We Would Give Him Free Domino's Pizza For Life. Chilling: Did Singer Montell Jordan Predict The Rise Of The Islamic State Back In 1995?. Find Out What Jennifer Lawrence, Ferran Adria, And Rush Limbaugh Have To Say. Is It My Turn Yet?. 5 Disney Princesses Reimagined As Caucasian. If You Still Don't Believe Hungry People Exist, Watch This. How Many Of These Springsteen Songs Have You Heard?.   
 Could David Lynch's Cryptic Tweet About  "Twin Peaks " On Showtime Hint At A Possible  "Twin Peaks " Revival?. This Man Is Not Rob Dibble, Former Relief Pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds, But We Asked Him For His Autograph Anyway. I Think I've Gone Long Enough Without Looking At Those Leaked Celebrity Nudes To Prove My Point. Read The Word  "Glen' 200 Times In A Row And You'll Slowly Begin Realizing That It's A Really Weird Name. This First-Grader's Dad Had Always Been His Hero, But Then We Introduced Him To A Train Conductor. 8 Things That Only People From Your State Understand. 7 Amazing Robots That Will Inspire You To Discard Your Emotions And Live With Purpose.    Find Out What Harry Styles, Ashton Kutcher, And Chris Kattan Have To Say. Heavy-Duty! 6 Giant Piles Of Leaves Raked Up By Real-Life People. 7 Things That Would Be Pretty Terrible If Mass-Produced. What The Rise Of Hookup Culture Means For Everyone But You. Ebola In The U.S.: Will It Ever Be Bad Enough To Where We Get To Stay Home From Work?. Hey: Let's Domesticate Baboons. 7 People Who've Made Out With Your Sister.   
 5 Things  "Arthur " Neglected To Teach Us About Life. you're Mulan, Right?. Find Out What Ben Affleck, Tim Gunn, And Matthew Weiner Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. How Many Of These Party Tricks Can You Do?. 9 Pictures Of Pretty Ladies Bound To Get Your Attention. 6 Things You Forgot Were Great About Tailgating Because The Last Football Game You Attended Was Months Ago And A Lot Has Happened In Your Life Since Then.    The 8 Cookies That Are Left. Can You Match These Phrases To The Professions Where They Are Commonly Shouted?. Betrayed: This 26-Year-Old's Parents Told Her she'd Have To Buy Her Own Plane Ticket Home For Thanksgiving. It's The Sponge. You Love The Sponge.. Find Out What Vince Vaughn, Jane Goodall, And Mike Tyson Have To Say. 8 Secret Service Blunders That Put The President's Life At Risk. The Cast Of  "The Cosby Show ": Then, Now, And Forward Unto Eternity.    10 Things People With A Spider On Their Face Are Tired Of Hearing. Do You Have Everything You Need For Tailgating This Weekend?. What Two Men Choose To Reanimate In The Privacy Of Their Own Bedroom Is Their Own Business. Find Out What Kevin Hart, Geoffrey Rush, And Eva Longoria Have To Say. WATCH:  "The Big Bang Theory " With More Laughter Added In. A Miracle Of Nature! Meet The Gorilla Who Keeps Declaring  "I Am God! " In Sign Language. 10 Most Awesome Last Words Ever Uttered.    How To Make A Paper Mache Bowl. Meet The Brilliant 12-Year-Old Hacker Who Breached The Bud Light Website's Impregnable Age Verification Firewall. Will You Survive The Winter?. The Whole NFL Community Should Be Ashamed Except The 1972 Miami Dolphins. 5 Things You HAVE To Do If You Don't Hear From Me By This Time Tomorrow. Find Out What Sigourney Weaver, Dr. Drew, And Mike Myers Have To Say. Can You Match The ESPN Personality To The Controversial Statement That Got Them Suspended?.    6 Perfect Series Finales That Got It Absolutely Right. We Censored This Cat's Penis To Prove A Point. 7 Famous Dogs From The  "90s That Are Definitely Dead Now. I've Had Just About Enough Of All These  "Harlem Shake " Videos. Find Out What Derek Jeter, Woodrow Wilson, And Channing Tatum Have To Say. A Garage For Clothes? You Won't Believe The Outrageous Way Celebs Are Blowing Their Money Now. Nature Is Beautiful And Here's Video Evidence.    8 Halloween Tips We're Throwing At You About A Month Earlier Than You Know How To Handle Them. Meet The NFL's First Female Measuring Chain. 8 Beautiful Weddings We'd Appreciate More If We Didn't Know The Couple. You'll Never Have To Climb Stairs Again Thanks To This Amazing New Product. #RE2PECT: This Couple Named Their Child  "Baseball Person' In Honor Of Derek Jeter. Gone Too Soon: Hollywood's Most Eligible Bachelors Mourn The Loss Of George Clooney. Did You Make Your Brother Cry?.   
 7 Bumbling Dopes Who Died Before They Became Famous. We Get Some Kids Riled Up For Pizza And Then Leave. Find Out What Jon Hamm, Jack Black, And Malcolm Gladwell Have To Say. Next Week On ClickHole. 10 Snacks Mom Needs To Stop Packing In Our Lunch. Exclusive! Man Who Sat Next To Scott Bakula On A Plane Tells All. We Caught Lightning On Camera From A Plane Window And That Sounded Like Something You Might Like.    We Caught Lightning On Camera From A Plane Window And That Sounded Like Something You Might Like. You Don't Eat Coffee. Here's Why I Think You Meant To Say  "Drink. ". 7 Animals Whose Trust We Betrayed By Posting These GIFs Of Them Falling Down. Are You A Big Jazz Boy Or A Little Jazz Boy?. Find Out What Taylor Swift, Kirsten Dunst, And Queen Latifah Have To Say. 8 Fictional Characters You Didn't Know Were Based On Real-Life People.  "Game Of Thrones " Opening Reimagined As An Old Man Eating Soup.    It Bends?! 8 Major Defects Of The iPhone 6. Should I Get This Checked Out?. 5 Of Dad's Friends You Should Drop A Line To. Find Out What Mario Batali, David Blaine, And Neil DeGrasse Tyson Have To Say. Derek Jeter Will Go Down As One Of The 500 Best Players Of All Time. 8 Bombastic Football Coaches Who Might Go Too Far And Really Hurt Someone's Feelings Someday. Ready To Feel Like A Failure? Joan Of Arc Was Only 19 When She Was Burned At The Stake.    Inspiring! This Dad Lowered His Basketball Rim To Dunk On His Daughter. What Hope Do We Few Have Against The Armies Of Byzantium?. I Am Everywhere. 9 Things Only World Travelers Understand. The Future Of Food Is Here. Share This  "VeggieTales " Thing Unless you're Ashamed Of Christ. 7 Deliberate Misspellings.    Find Out What Brian Williams, John Malkovich, And Lorne Michaels Have To Say. How Pure Are You? Take Our Purity Test. This Internet Theory Suggests All Pixar Fans Live In The Same Universe. After A Long And Costly Court Battle, Tom Hiddleston Just Officially Won The Ice Bucket Challenge. We Asked 22 Women What Bats Taste Like And Most Of Them Didn't Know But 2 Of Them Did. After Reading This Graph About Income Inequality, Everything I Thought Was True Isn't True, Horses Ride Men, And The Rain Falls Up Into The Clouds. Incredible! This Man Can Name All The Beatles.   
 7 Reasons We Love  "Scandal, " Not That We Need To Justify Our Preferences To You. Find Out What Paul McCartney, Frank Miller, And Michelle Obama Have To Say. 7 Mind-Bending Abduction Stories. 6 Ridiculous Historical Stories You Think Are True. Death Is Just A Natural Part Of This Statue Of Liberty Tour. WATCH: We Taught A Fish To Dance.  "We Had To Put An End To It ": How One College Lowered Its Sexual Assault Statistics By Not Documenting Any Rapes.    Can You Complete The Classic Movie Quote?. 8 Fantasy Football Tips That Are Also Really Good Pieces Of Life Advice. Find Out What Leonardo DiCaprio, Anthony Bourdain, And Pope Francis Have To Say. WATCH: iPhone 6 Unboxing. A Snake That Tried To Eat Its Owner: Mike Told Us This Story And Swore It Was True. I Think I Found Out A Way For You To Pick Me Up From The Airport. Quincy Jones, Sometimes.    I Will Not Stand Idly By And Watch Myself Become A Disambiguation. 9 Rupert Grint GIFs We're Sick As Shit Of Everybody Ragging On. Why Does This Kid Always Volunteer To Read In Class If He's Not Even That Good At Reading?. Find Out What Christian Bale, Tim Cook, And Cornel West Have To Say. 9 Kids In Our Homeroom Who Definitely Get High. EVERYTHING MUST GO: End-Of-Summer Content Blowout. 12 Autumn Moments We Couldn't Be More Excited About.    If You Don't Think You Have Any Racial Prejudices, You Better Watch This Video. It'd Be A Shame If Anonymous Were To Hack My Wife's Email And Reveal What My Big Birthday Surprise Is Going To Be. So, How Do You Know Kim And Andy?. Find Out What Oprah Winfrey, Steven Levitt, And Kid Rock Have To Say.  "Seinfeld " Reunion For Real This Time? Jerry, Julia, Michael, And Jason All Spotted In Same Southern California City. Famous Criminals " Last Dances. Adorable! Watch This 8-Year-Old Slowly Realize That His Dad's Not All That Special.    America's Dark History: We Put A Man On The Moon, But He Didn't Get To Stay Up There. Can You Match These Famous Comedy Quotes To The Coworkers Quoting Them?. There Better Not Be Kids Inside The School Buses They Drive Over At Monster Truck Shows. Should The U.S. Deploy Troops To Scotland?. Find Out What Sylvester Stallone, David Beckham, And Mitt Romney Have To Say. How Many Of These Depression-Era Boxers Do You Know?. 10 Things We Hope George Takei Likes Enough To Share This List.    Watch This Video Of A Man Being Reunited With A Guy He Kind Of Knew In High School. #4 Is Genius, But The Rest Of These Pictures Of Latte Art Are Okay Too. This Child Aggregator Is Taking Heat From Parents For Stealing Their Kids. Find Out What Tom Hanks, Dr. Phil, And Paris Hilton Have To Say. You Don't Have To Agree With My Choice To Breastfeed Your Baby, But You Have To Respect It. 8 Most Innovative Ways Artists Released Albums. 5 Secret McDonald's Menu Items You Have To Order.    EXCLUSIVE: First Pixel From New  "Star Wars " Leaked. Just Thinking Out Loud Here, But What If Lana Del Rey Were Black?. Find Out What Sean Connery, Christopher Nolan, And The Edge Have To Say. 8 Stars Who Died Exactly At Their Appointed Times. Which Character From  "The Office " Are You?. Next Week On ClickHole. 6 Insanely Mind-Blowing Facts About Bees.    A Letter To My Unborn Son.  "I Let Everyone Down ": A Blogger Apologizes For Not Posting In A While. We Never Thought There Could Be 6 Photos Of Denis Leary ...Then We Saw THIS. Find Out What Barack Obama, Rachel McAdams, And Tom Wilson Have To Say. How Many Of These Famous Actors Have You Fucked?. Stunning Map Shows Just How Much Of Iraq And Syria VICE Now Controls. Domestic Violence: Does It Extend Beyond The NFL?.    Which Iraq War Are You?. Oscar Pistorius Was Found Not Guilty, And It's Time We All Apologized To Him. 13 Years After 9/11, And I'm In The Best Shape Of My Life. Things Tall Girls Are Tired Of Hearing Me Say. This 6-Year-Old Guitarist Is Adorable, But My Solos Are Amazing. We're Worried About You. Why Aren't You Eating?. 5 More Bites Until You Can Leave The Table.    Problem Solved! This Panda Has Been Giving Birth Over And Over Without Stopping Since Last Month!. Find Out What Matt Groening, Jimmy Carter, And Robert Downey Jr. Have To Say. The Conflict In Gaza Explained In One Long Noise. 5 Common Phrases That Were Actually Invented By Shakespeare. WATCH: Mustard Comes Out Of A Ketchup Bottle!. For An Entire Year, This Man Lived Solely Following Lessons He Could Kinda Remember From The Bible. 8 Must-Know Tips To Win Your Fantasy Football League This Year.   
 These Koalas Are Refusing To Load In Support Of Net Neutrality. Find Out What Jon Bon Jovi, George W. Bush, And Orlando Bloom Have To Say.  "90s Kids Rejoice! The End Of Net Neutrality Means The Return Of Dial-Up Speeds. How Would The NFL Punish Your Infractions?. We Need More Apps That Show You Pictures Of People. Can You Match The Music Festivalgoer To Where They Eventually Passed Out?. 6 Amazing Features Of Kate's Royal Womb.   
 6 Predictions About The iPhone 6 That Were Way Off. We Left A Bowl Of Dog Food In The Woods To See If We Could Catch Sasquatch On Camera. Will Someone Watch All This Footage For Us So We Don't Have To? Thanks!. Shocking: Undercover Report Shows How Easy It Is For A Police Officer To Get His Hands On A Gun. Find Out What Tim Cook, Kelsey Grammer, And Bill Maher Have To Say. If you're Taking A Long Time In The Men's Room Of This Applebee's Right Now, you're Part Of The Problem. What The Royal Baby Might Look Like. In My Defense, I Am A Monster.   
 How Well Do You Know Your iPhone Models?. Have You Been Dead This Whole Time?. I'm A Mother, But I'm Also A Parent. Find Out What John Madden, Novak Djokovic, And Blake Lively Have To Say. Inspiring! This Teen Only Masturbates To Pre-Photoshopped Images Of Models And Actresses. 9 Musicians Who We'd Definitely Bathe In Their Twilight Years. Next Week On ClickHole.    How Many Of These Classic Posters Do You Have In Your Dorm Room?. New NFL Rules And Regulations For 2014. I Didn't Even Know Scarlett Johansson Was Pregnant--And I Used To Be So On This Shit. Whoa: This Third-Grader Has A Hundred Dollars. 8 Stepdads Who Will RUIN Your Childhood. Find Out What Chris Rock, Alan Greenspan, And George Clinton Have To Say. 7 Daredevil Dogs Who Are Unaware They Can Die.   
 America's Worst Generation: Only One Of My Three Nephews Knows Who Ace Frehley Is. 6 Birds That Need To Be Reminded Flying Is A Privilege, Not A Right. This Woman Tried To Put Chapstick On A Cat And It's Definitely Not Going Viral. You Never Think Of The Homeless As People Just Like You And Me Until You Dissect One. Looking For Love? This App Finds Nearby Objects You Can Have Sex With!. Which Muppet Baby Are You, Under Penalty Of Perjury?. Find Out What Roger Federer, Ed Helms, And Elle Fanning Have To Say.   
 7 Other Gods Who Have Forsaken You. We Put A GoPro Camera On A Cyclist's Head But He Didn't Feel Like Going For A Bike Ride Today. The Complete Guide To Saving Money On Textbooks. How Many Of These State Mottos Do You Know?. I Fell In A Big Hole. 6 Great American Zoos Where They Let You Yell Whatever You Want At The Snakes. Nowhere To Hide: The Incredible Story Of A Reporter Embedded In One Of The World's Most Dangerous Splash Zones.   
 This Loyal Dog Refuses To Leave A Grave That Has Peanut Butter On It. Incredible! Man Kisses 3 Lemons And Then Goes To Sleep. How Low Can You Go?. Find Out What Stephen King, Amy Adams, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. Ultimate Life Hacker? Meet The Woman Who Says She "ll Do Things, Then Doesn't Do Them. Why I Stopped. 7 Genius Ways To Survive In The Wild you'd Never Figure Out On Your Own.   
 Find Out What Stephen King, Amy Adams, And Steven Spielberg Have To Say. Ultimate Life Hacker? Meet The Woman Who Says She "ll Do Things, Then Doesn't Do Them. Why I Stopped. 7 Genius Ways To Survive In The Wild you'd Never Figure Out On Your Own. 7 Amazing Kids You Won't Believe Are Just Adults Kneeling On A Pair Of Shoes. We've Been Talking A Big Game, But Now It's Time For Us To Start Practicing This Islam Thing. Next Week On ClickHole.    Next Week On ClickHole. 8 Reasons Why Cheese Is Better Than A Boyfriend, Though Either Is Better Than Living In A Storm Drain. Busted! A Coworker Who Never Dresses Up Thought He Could Wear Nice Clothes And Not Have Everyone Make A Big Deal Out Of It. Find Out What Blake Shelton, Reese Witherspoon, And Robin Wright Have To Say. People Said I Was Crazy To Abandon My Family To Search For Buried Treasure, But 30 Years Later I'm Closer Than Ever To Finding It. Which Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle, ThunderCat, Or Fraggle Are You?. 5 Tips To Fuck Good.   
 Wedding Bells For Bradgelinad! Angebrajolitt Is Officially Married!. Can A Man And A Woman Be  "Just Passengers On The Same Bus "?. Guy Misses 33 Consecutive Half-Court Shots. In The Darkness We Are All Kim Possible. 4 Reasons Why Emma Watson Is The Absolute Greatest, And 4 Reasons Why Jennifer Lawrence Is The Absolute Greatest: A List Moderated By Jim Lehrer. You Would Think All This  "90s Nostalgia Would Mean More Album Sales For Ol " Fastball. Absolutely Everything You Need To Know To Avoid Being Mugged.    Absolutely Everything You Need To Know To Avoid Being Mugged. Find Out What Halle Berry, Elton John, And Ralph Fiennes Have To Say. It's Here! Our Annual Ranking Of America's Top Homeschools. Did You Talk To Your Old Man About That Idea I Had?. His Classmates Have Always Bullied Him, But Wait Till They Hear His Angelic Singing Voice. Find Out What Charles Manson, Al Roker, And Drake Have To Say. 6 Pictures Of Scarlett Johansson That Will Make You Say  "This Is A Picture Of A Boat ".   
 My Daughter Has Struggled With Algebra For Years. Here's Why I'm Still Not Putting Her Up For Adoption.. 11 Things From  "JAG " That Every  "90s Kid Will Remember. Slip-Ups, Flubs, And Wardrobe Malfunctions: 9 Mistakes At The Emmys. The Best And Worst Dressed Of The Emmys In Terms Of Fire Safety. Why Paying For A College Education, Showing Up To Class Nude, Gyrating Against The Professor, And Getting Immediately Expelled May Not Be Worth What It Once Was. 9 Otters Who Don't Realize We Just Want To Be Left Alone Right Now. This Tortoise Is 182 Years Old. So Why Hasn't He Stopped History's Greatest Atrocities?.    Find Out What Eric Holder, Breckin Meyer, And Noam Chomsky Have To Say. Is A Polo Shirt Nice Enough For The Emmys, Or Do You Think I Need To Wear A Button-Up?. She's At It Again! Miley Cyrus Ruins VMAs Again By Putting A Homeless Man On Stage. 9 Moments From The VMAs That We Put On Our Website. The 2014 Primetime Emmys: Our Predictions. It's Over! Beyonce And Jay Z Get Divorced On Car Ride Home From VMAs. Here Are The Official Rules For Your Emmy Awards Drinking Game.   
 Find Out What Peyton Manning, Dave Grohl, And Josh Groban Have To Say. These Pics Prove Glasses Look Hot Even Without Celebrities. Wow: Kevin Looks So Handsome In His New Suit. Cities Need Traffic Laws Recognizing Cyclists As The Most Important People On Earth. 23 Insanely Mind-Blowing Facts About The Class Of 2018. Are Our Children Watching Too Much Of This Golden Age Of Television?. These Wrestlers Look Absolutely Flawless With Or Without Their Masks.   
 Find Out What Tom Hanks, Jessica Alba, And Daniel Radcliffe Have To Say. 6  "90s Sitcom Stars Who Could Not Be Present On This List, But Send Their Warm Regards. Amazing! This Boy Saw Heaven During His Near-Death Experience!. We Need To Embrace Solar Energy Now Before It's Too Mainstream. If Gay People Said The Stuff Hungry Straight People Said. 6 Types Of Student In Every College Class. What Should Your College Major Be? But For Christ's Sake, Don't Use This Quiz To Make Any Actual Life Decisions.    One Incredible Entrepreneur Saved This Struggling Neighborhood By Replacing Everyone In It With Affluent Twentysomethings. 8 Iggy Azalea GIFs You Need To See Right Now, Mom. Please Wake Up, Mom. Please.. Find Out What John Green, Jack Nicholson, And Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Have To Say. 5 European Immigrants Who Came To America With Nothing But The Weird Fucking Shirts On Their Backs. We Didn't Have Access To A Gun Or Slow-Motion Camera, So We Just Hit This Cantaloupe With A Hatchet.  "90s Sitcoms With The Verbs Cut Out. 6 Sex Toys That Look Exactly Like Penises.   
 How Many Of Grandpa's Stories Have You Heard?. 8 Trees Just Wide Enough To Conceal Daniel Craig. How These Compassionate Parents Were Able To Give Their Child's Murderer A Piggyback Ride. 9 Most Useless Contributions To Our Housewarming Party. I Was Onstage At The Grammys During That  "Soy Bomb " Thing And I Did Nothing. Find Out What Taylor Swift, Ted Danson, And Jason Statham Have To Say. 7 Sports That Are More Popular Internationally Than American Football.   
 My Parenting Methods May Be Unusual, But They Don't Work. Find Out What Dale Earnhardt Jr., Martin Scorsese, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. Youngest Child Ever? Jonah Is Just 3 Years Old. 7 Notable Movie Villains Who On Second Thought Were Probably Just Hangry. Your Mom's 6 Best Attempts At Describing What You Do For A Living. 8 Upcoming Changes To Twitter's Policies And What They Mean For You. Too Many Hunks.    5 Tragedies Weirdly Predicted By Adam Sandler. With My Last Dying Breath, I Ask You, Take This  "Rugrats " Quiz. My Parenting Methods May Be Unusual, But They Don't Work. Find Out What Dale Earnhardt Jr., Martin Scorsese, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. Youngest Child Ever? Jonah Is Just 3 Years Old. 7 Notable Movie Villains Who On Second Thought Were Probably Just Hangry. Your Mom's 6 Best Attempts At Describing What You Do For A Living.    8 Upcoming Changes To Twitter's Policies And What They Mean For You. Too Many Hunks. What Did You Think Of My Screenplay?. 7 Things You Absolutely Need To Pack For College.  "We Don't Know Where He Came From, But He Did A Great Job ". It's Time To Admit That Depression Is Real, Except For Teens Who Are Just Being Moody. This Gay Couple And Their Child Are Adorable, Perfect, And Totally Unaware We've Been Following Them All Day.    Find Out What Melinda Gates, Celine Dion, And Jason Alexander Have To Say. How Many Of These Exotic Foods Have You Tried?. Police Or Army: Who Wore It Better?. 8 Prize-Winning Hogs Who Definitely Didn't Deserve To Win. How Many More Black Teenagers Have To Die Before Racism Just Sort Of Goes Away On Its Own?. Incredible! This Sister-In-Law Made It All About Her Again!. 7 Signs you're The  "I Live In The Heating Ducts " Guy In Your Office.   
 Best Priest Ever!. Here's A Fucking Anime Quiz. The Time I Spent On A Commercial Whaling Ship Totally Changed My Perspective On The World. Find Out What Andre 3000, Nick Lachey, Michael Strahan Have To Say. Supercut Of A Dad Trying To Fish His Cell Phone Out Of The Front Pockets Of His Jeans. Photos Of Everyday People Before And After They Signed The Release Form. Can You Guess These Celebrities " AIM Screen Names?.    I've Proven Myself As An Artist, So Now I'm Going To Be A Forklift. Find Out What Barack Obama, Tony Hawk, And Wolfgang Puck Have To Say. 7 Robin Williams GIFs That Imperfectly Sum Up His Life And Career.  "Everything Changed In An Instant ": How The Pressure To Decide Quickly At A Drive-Thru Forced One Man To Order A Different Thing Than He Actually Wanted. The 5 WORST Movies Of 2014 So Far. Please Do Not Send This List To The Directors " Mothers. It Would Kill Them. 5 Inspiring Millennials Who Are Working To Make Their Lives A Better Place. This Environmentally Friendly Quiz Is Made From 100% Recycled Quiz Materials!.   
 Let's Have An Open Dialogue About Sexuality That Completely Validates My Point Of View. Find Out What Kiefer Sutherland, Meg Ryan, And Susan Sarandon Have To Say. 7 Reasons Why We LOVE  "Shark Week ". 8 More Unarmed Teens Still At Large. Who's Your Celebrity Best Friend Who Ultimately Betrays You?. This Man's Explanation Of The Government Shutdown Is Perfect, Months Too Late, And Inconvenient For Everyone Around Him. 7 Geniuses Who Failed The First Time They Made Dessert For A Large Potluck.    7 Geniuses Who Failed The First Time They Made Dessert For A Large Potluck. The Price Of Fame: Another World's Oldest Person Dies. My Doctor Told Me I Should Vaccinate My Children, But Then Someone Much Louder Than My Doctor Told Me I Shouldn't. Find Out What Zac Efron, Mary-Kate Olsen, And Ashley Olsen Have To Say. Faith In Humanity Restored! These Reddit Users Came Together To Create Content For Websites In Need. Could These Be God's Bones?. This Photographer Took 100 Pictures Of Pregnant Women. What's His Deal?.    When I See Pictures Of Oil-Soaked Animals, I Want To Lick Them All Clean. 9 Microwave Buttons you've Never Used. 3 Things Einstein Predicted About This Year's Movies (And 3 Things He Missed By A Mile). Are You A Real  "90s Kid With Lupus?. Find Out What Christina Hendricks, Jimmy Fallon, And Kaley Cuoco Have To Say. Are You About To Be Traded To The Houston Rockets?. How Many Of These  "Goosebumps " Books Have You Read?.    Breastfeeding In Public Should No Longer Be A Taboo For Mothers Who Are Conventionally Attractive. [UPDATE] Dad, If you're Reading This, I Want You To Know I'm Upstairs. And It's Time For You To Drive Me To Connor's House. We Put A GoPro On Grandpa To See What Heaven Looked Like. These Clowns Are Still Beautiful Even Without Their Makeup. 8 Baby Penguins That Are Pretty Cute But Don't Stand A Chance Against Hillary Clinton In 2016. Find Out What Megan Fox, Justin Timberlake, And Randy Quaid Have To Say. Cutest Proposal Video Ever!.   
 Sleeping Or Dead?. 8 Famous People Who Didn't Find Success Until Their Teens. A Month After The World Cup, Are Americans Still Interested In Hanging Out With Me For Two Hours On A Saturday?. Determined To Reunite With The Mother Who Abandoned Her At Birth, Meet One Woman Who Can't Take A Fucking Hint. All God's Creatures. It Only Took Half The Wikipedia Entry On Libertarianism To Convince Me It Was The Right Political Ideology For America. Find Out What Iggy Azalea, Lars von Trier, And Bob Dylan Have To Say.    Paul George's Injury Is A Direct Result Of The Invention Of The Sport Of Basketball. 5 Major Movie Plot Holes And The Crew Members Who Were Executed For Them. How Many Of These Brands Can You Recognize When We Take Away The Logo And Just Leave The Name?. Unimaginable: This Psychopath Watched A Whole YouTube Video On The Train At Full Volume. It's Time To Talk About America In The Broadest, Least Focused Sense. 8 Beach Bombshells Who "d Be Better For Dad Than Susan. Find Out What Zoe Saldana, J.J. Abrams, And Alicia Keys Have To Say.    9 Chris Pratt GIFs That Will Make You Say,  "Yup, Here Is A Person Who Will Be In Big Movies Now For At Least A While ". Obama Turns 53! 9 Other Celebrities With Birthdays This Year. Amazing! Watch How This One Startup Is Changing The Way We Get Around. How Many Of These Classic Sports Movies Have You Seen?. We Sure Could Use Some  "Guardians " (i.e., American Troops) Of The  "Galaxy " (i.e., The Middle East). 8 Drop-Dead Gorgeous Pics Of Lupita Nyong "o You Can Kiss If You Want To. They're Still Alive?! 7 Celebrities Who You Thought Were Dead, But Escaped Your Lethal Traps.   
 The Children Of Iraq Are Just Like Our Own: Not As Innocent As They Seem. Saturday's Party At H.P. Lovecraft's Pad Was INSANE. Find Out What Morgan Freeman, Gwyneth Paltrow, And Your Doctor Have To Say. Best Last Lines Of Famous Novels. We're Going To Look The Other Way On The  "Fire Challenge " So Teens Can Make Their Own Mistakes. Stipulations Of Beyonce And Jay Z's Prenuptial Agreement. Which Team Member Of Jo-Ann Fabric & Craft (Jacksonville Branch) Are You?.    7 Dogs That Would Probably Be Cute If Not For Their Weirdly Visible Nipples. So OKCupid's Been Experimenting On Humans. But Who Hasn't?. Find Out What Paul McCartney, Pitbull, And Michael Sam Have To Say.  "We're In Love ": Meet The 52-Year-Old Soybean Farmer Who Stole The Heart Of Queen Bey. Caught On Tape: Did Orlando Bloom Bully A Weak, Defenseless Child?. 6 Ways You'll Relate To History's Most Rugged Outdoorsmen. The Ukraine Crisis Explained In GIFs And In-Depth Policy Papers From Esteemed Political Institutions.    Watch This Crazy Street Fight (WARNING: Violence). 8 Reasons We Love The Ocean. I Lied When I Told You That I Had Won The Internet. Real-Life Tetris! This Man Died In A Falling Brick Accident. Find Out What Martin Scorsese, Matthew McConaughey, And Meryl Streep Have To Say. 7 Sloths That Will Get You Through The Day, And, We Like To Think, Kurt Cobain Too If He Had Seen Them. Somebody Has To Be Scooter.   
 Somebody Has To Be Scooter. I Will Give My First Class Seat To The Marine With The Most Confirmed Kills. People Drinking Full Glasses Of Water Compilation 2014. Man Locks Himself In Hot Car To Prove That Babies And Dogs Are Cowards. The New Sky Circle Is Perfect. 9 Celebrities You Never Knew Had Plastic Surgery And You Never Will Because We Blurred Their Faces Out Of Respect. Find Out What Stephen Hawking, Michael Bay, And Joaquin Phoenix Have To Say.    Before You Go, Did You Pack Everything You Need?. Freddie Vs. Kiefer And 8 Other Outrageous Celebrity Feuds.  "Bachelorette " Final Score: Josh Wins, 108 Kisses To 93. Hey, Can You Watch My Stuff?. 8 Photos Of Gorgeous Australian Women Which Is Unfortunately Too Small A Sample Size To Prove Anything. Which Branch Of The Armed Services Are You Enlisting In By Taking This Legally Binding Quiz?. Watch A 20-Year-Old Experience The Exact Moment That McDonald's Stops Being A Treat.   
 How Many Of These Camp Songs Do You Know?. Why Your Mother And I Are Getting Divorced As Explained By  "Orange Is The New Black " GIFs. The Absolute Greatest Moments From Comic-Con 2014. I Had A Terrible Experience At This Restaurant Because I Am A Terrible Person. Find Out What Ben Affleck, Kelsey Grammer, And Richard Dreyfuss Have To Say. EXCLUSIVE: Dozens Of Leaked Photos Of Ben Affleck Dressed As Bruce Wayne. This Man Adopted A Shelter Dog And Named It Riley. We Were Kinda Hoping The Rest Of The Video Would Take Care Of Itself.    Find Out What Ben Affleck, Kelsey Grammer, And Richard Dreyfuss Have To Say. EXCLUSIVE: Dozens Of Leaked Photos Of Ben Affleck Dressed As Bruce Wayne. This Man Adopted A Shelter Dog And Named It Riley. We Were Kinda Hoping The Rest Of The Video Would Take Care Of Itself. Find Out What Edward Snowden, Pink, And Kobe Bryant Have To Say. You Like That?.  "Hercules " Is A Good, Loud Movie With Plenty Of Loud Yelling To Enjoy. Know Your Rights! Things To Keep In Mind When Dealing With Police.   
 Know Your Rights! Things To Keep In Mind When Dealing With Police. 10 AMAZING Destinations Absolutely Worth Traveling To, But Only If Your Parents Are Paying For It. Which One Of Those Shape Guys Are You, With The Hats?. One Entertainer's Plea To A Divided Country. 8 Reasons Why Being A Stay-At-Home Mom Is A Full-Time Job. Other Than The Ever-Looming Threat Of Annihilation, We're Not So Different, You And I. Find Out What Emily Blunt, Peyton Manning, And David Koch Have To Say.    Should Facebook STOP Banning Scary Pictures?. 5 Hacks To Get The Most Out Of Your Dad. 15 Pets You Didn't Know It Was Legal To Own. What's Happening In Gaza Will Shock You, So Watch This Instead. 4 Famous Movie Lines That Were Improvised On Set. Beyonce Makes Susan B. Anthony Look Like A Shit-Sucking Gutter Feminist. Who Is Your Spirit Douglas?.   
 Find Out What Clint Eastwood, LeBron James, And Jay Z Have To Say. 8 National Parks You Really Ought To Visit This Summer. WATCH: Man Sees His Family For First Time After 27 Years Holding His Hand Over His Eyes. 7 Ways They Could Totally Screw Up The New  "Star Wars " Movies. 7 Most Beautiful Beaches In America And People Who've Drowned There. 10 Things You Should Never Say To A Pregnant Woman. Did You Lock Your Front Door?.   
 On Every Anniversary Of The Moon Landing, My Thoughts Always Turn To That Horse Neil Armstrong And I Jettisoned Out Of The Airlock. How Well Do You Know The URLs To Popular YouTube Videos?. 8 NSFW Pics Of Halle Berry. You Can Write Whatever You Want On A Baby ...And Here's The Proof.. Why I Stopped Watching Porn And So Should You. Find Out What Rick Perry, Martin Sheen, And Kristen Stewart Have To Say. One Clever Dad Organized His Children By Giving Them Each A Different Name.    You Can Write Whatever You Want On A Baby ...And Here's The Proof.. Why I Stopped Watching Porn And So Should You. Find Out What Rick Perry, Martin Sheen, And Kristen Stewart Have To Say. One Clever Dad Organized His Children By Giving Them Each A Different Name. Candidate Obama Vs. President Obama: Who Would Survive?. Is This 6-Year-Old The Next Tony Shalhoub?. I'm Not Inviting Jessica P. To My Birthday Party. Here's Why..    You Can't Spell Israel Without  "Liars. " Is That Commentary?. Never Pay For Office Supplies Again With This Easy Trick. Is  "Captain America 2 " On Blu-Ray Yet?. Find Out What Keith Olbermann, Ariana Grande, And Derek Jeter Have To Say. A Town Came Together To Find A Missing Girl, Immediately Forgot What They Were Doing, And Had A Really Fun Sack Race Instead. 10 Real Names Of Rappers they'd Rather You Didn't Know. This Woman Answers The Question Every Man Wants To Know.   
 Find Out What Keith Olbermann, Ariana Grande, And Derek Jeter Have To Say. A Town Came Together To Find A Missing Girl, Immediately Forgot What They Were Doing, And Had A Really Fun Sack Race Instead. 10 Real Names Of Rappers they'd Rather You Didn't Know. This Woman Answers The Question Every Man Wants To Know. The Current Crisis In Gaza Explained Using GIFs From Previous Crises In Gaza. If I Could Do College Over Again, I'd Spend Less Time Partying And More Time Studying The Instruction Manual For The UT200 UniMac Industrial Tumble Dryer. Do You Think Your Neighbors Will Let Us Swim In Their Pool?.    Do You Think Your Neighbors Will Let Us Swim In Their Pool?. Find Out What Ellen DeGeneres, Oprah Winfrey, And Warren Buffett Have To Say. Which Summer Sequels Are You Most Excited To See In Theaters?. I'm Not Afraid Of Losing In Cleveland; I'm Only Afraid Of Jumping Into The Air For A Slam Dunk And Never Coming Down. You'll Never Look At A Twinkie The Same Way Again. Which One Of Jonah Hill's Hands Are You?. Find Out What Buzz Aldrin, Mark Wahlberg, And Marissa Mayer Have To Say.   
 Which Blade Of Grass Are You?. 6 Major NBA Announcements Overshadowed By LeBron's Decision. 8 Things That Only  "True Blood " Fans Will Understand. Are You An Introvert, An Extrovert, Or A Sea Monster?. 7 Activities For Long Flights. What Your Teen Is Really Doing When She Says She's Going To A Warehouse To Get All Holes Stuffed. Did You Know That By Today's Standards Marilyn Monroe Would Be Considered Too Overweight To Be A Model? Gross!.   
 Did You Know That By Today's Standards Marilyn Monroe Would Be Considered Too Overweight To Be A Model? Gross!. Find Out What Barack Obama, Avicii, And John Grisham Have To Say. Say Hello To The German Soccer Team's Secret Weapon. Grading LeBron James' Essay. 10 Weird Laws From Around The Country. He Had Already Finished All His Food, And The Opening Credits Weren't Even Over: A Survivor's Tale. 6 Classic Dad Texts.    Find Out What Christopher Lloyd, Elon Musk, And Kerry Washington Have To Say. Biggest Emmy Nomination Snubs. 7 Historical Figures Who Had A Secret Wild Side. 7 Celebrities That You Wish Lived Near You, And Had Similar Educations, Backgrounds, Interests, Beliefs, Goals, And Emotional Needs Necessary To Have A Healthy Relationship. Adorable Hedgehogs You Can Look At For As Long As You Want, As Long As You Can Also Tolerate The Sounds Of A Man Chewing Loudly. There's No Wrong Answer!. I've Got A Cryptic Message For Anyone Who Thinks Gays Shouldn't Be Allowed To Marry.    There's No Wrong Answer!. I've Got A Cryptic Message For Anyone Who Thinks Gays Shouldn't Be Allowed To Marry. Find Out What Charles Barkley, David Gilmour, And Lindsay Lohan Have To Say. 10 Crayons Pretending To Be Other Crayons. How Can You Not Love The San Diego Fire Department's Bold New Ad Campaign?. 10 Most Breathtaking Lines From Shakespeare's  "Macbeth ". Find Out What John Goodman, Mila Kunis, And Axl Rose Have To Say.    Which Disney Sidekick Are You?. 8 Things We Loved About J.K. Rowling's New Harry Potter Short Story. If You Can't Tell What's Going On Here There's Something Wrong With You. Hey, I Think Someone Here Left Their Computer Logged In. Ugh, Will The World Cup, School Shootings, The Pistorius Trial, The War In Iraq, And/Or This Heat Wave Ever End?!. Find Out What Usain Bolt, Ashley Tisdale, And Ringo Starr Have To Say. 10 Reasons Why Madam Paddington Is Simply The Most Awful Governess In The World.   
 Find Out What Usain Bolt, Ashley Tisdale, And Ringo Starr Have To Say. 10 Reasons Why Madam Paddington Is Simply The Most Awful Governess In The World. So, What Are You Doing This Summer?. Which  "Seinfeld " Character Are You?. Tour De France: A Stage-by-Stage Overview. Are You A Good Person?. Are We Living In The Golden Age Of Josh's Basement?.    Find Out What Julian Casablancas, Walter Matthau, And Krist Novoselic Have To Say. The 5 Most Inspirational Quotes By The Founding Fathers. Which Founding Father Are You?. In Honor Of America's First Amendment, Here Are A Bunch Of Controversial Statements. Name The Firework!. 9 Snacks Everyone Should Try Right Now, But Only If They're Planning On Having A Late Dinner. Find Out What Topher Grace, Carey Mulligan, And Prince Have To Say.    Which Founding Father Are You?. In Honor Of America's First Amendment, Here Are A Bunch Of Controversial Statements. Name The Firework!. 9 Snacks Everyone Should Try Right Now, But Only If They're Planning On Having A Late Dinner. Find Out What Topher Grace, Carey Mulligan, And Prince Have To Say. 11 Microbrews You Have To Try This Summer. Could You Pass The U.S. Citizenship Test?.    This Little Boy's Grandfather Started To Cry  ... And His Reaction Will Blow You Away. It's Summer And If you're Not Hopelessly In Love, You Might As Well Be Dead. The 9 Absolute Worst Moments To Start Feeling Hungry. How Well Do You Know This Quiz?. Find Out What Tina Fey, Rob Lowe, And Joanna Newsom Have To Say. You Know, I Probably Could Be In  "Stomp " If I Really Wanted. We Tried To Throw A Rock At This Boat.   
 This Video Will Drastically Change The Way Pitbulls Think About You. This Video Will Not Play Into The Way You Think About Pitbulls Whatsoever. This Video Will Make You Go Back To The Original Way You Thought About Pitbulls. This Video Will Make You Rethink The Way You Think About Pitbulls Forever. Find Out What Julia Roberts, David Letterman, And John Krasinski Have To Say. 6 Recent Supreme Court Decisions You Might Have Missed. What The Fuck, Man?!.    Here's THE Perfect Recipe For A Healthy 20-Minute Dinner. Find Out What Kim Kardashian, Deadmau5, And Michael Bay Have To Say. 5 Things You Didn't Know About Transformers. Is This Really Going To Be The Best Summer Ever?. Just How Far Are You Willing To Go?. A Few Folks. Tips For Crafting A Strong Password That Really Pops.    5 Things You Didn't Know About Transformers. Is This Really Going To Be The Best Summer Ever?. Just How Far Are You Willing To Go?. A Few Folks. Tips For Crafting A Strong Password That Really Pops. Got Three Minutes? This Video Will Confirm That. 7 Things That Happen Every Time Your Boss Goes Out Of Town.    How To Plan An Imperfect Road Trip Because While You Want It To Be Perfect, That Expectation Is Unrealistic And It's Better To Know That Going In. How Long Will You Survive In The Chamber?. People Are Finding Suits Of Armor Washed Up On The Beach. Here's Why Taking Them Home Is A Big Mistake.. EXCLUSIVE: Pregame Footage From Inside The U.S. World Cup Team's Locker Room. Find Out What Leonardo DiCaprio, Larry Page, And Gene Simmons Have To Say. How Many Beach Boys Songs Have You Heard?. Which Future U.S. President Are You?.    These Plus-Size Models Are Beautiful, No Matter What We Put In The Word Balloons Next To Them. you've Never Eaten A Bagel Like This Before. As A Freshman, I Didn't Know Who I Was, Had No Long-Term Memories, Was Covered In Unexplained Tattoos, And That's Okay. Find Out What Gary Oldman, Penelope Cruz, And Luis Suarez Have To Say. Why LeBron James Should Forego The NBA This Time And Sign With Good Old U.S. Steel. Are We Setting Unrealistic Standards Of Beauty For Our Felons?. Can You Name These Celebrities Based Only On Their Faces?.    This Stick Of Butter Is Left Out At Room Temperature; You Won't Believe What Happens Next. Find Out What Barack Obama, Carmelo Anthony, And Malcolm Gladwell Have To Say. I, Too, Long To One Day Be Human. Every Way The U.S. Can Advance In The World Cup. How Do We Get Young Women Interested In Computer Scientists?. How's Everybody Feelin' Tonight?. Where Are  "American Idol " Stars Now?.   
 Every Way The U.S. Can Advance In The World Cup. How Do We Get Young Women Interested In Computer Scientists?. How's Everybody Feelin' Tonight?. Where Are  "American Idol " Stars Now?. We Took An Israeli Child And A Palestinian Child And Put Them Together In The Same Room. And We're Going To Keep Them.. Find Out What Andrew Garfield, Ronaldinho, And Hugh Jackman Have To Say. EXCLUSIVE: Features Of Amazon's New Smartphone.   
 9 Things Only People Who Went To Sleepaway Camp Will Understand. It's Time To Stop Saying  "Buxom Wench ". Find Out What Shailene Woodley, Anthony Bourdain, And Adam Sandler Have To Say. Woman Takes One Photo Of Herself Every Day For A Week. Which Lion From  "The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe " Are You?. 7 Classic  "90s Toys That Weren't Fun Anymore After 9/11. Find Out What Clint Dempsey, Kanye West, And Chris Evans Have To Say.    7 Classic  "90s Toys That Weren't Fun Anymore After 9/11. Find Out What Clint Dempsey, Kanye West, And Chris Evans Have To Say. How Many Of These Noir Films Have You Seen?. Could This Contraption Be The Next Revolution In High-Speed Travel?. 10 Messy Animals Who Need A Bath. A Moment Of Courage In 30 Seconds. Is Aerosmith Angry At You?.    Can Somebody Tell Me What Monsanto Is So I Can Hate It?. Find Out What Justin Timberlake, Chelsea Handler, And Takeru Kobayashi Have To Say. How One Nonprofit Is Helping Orphans Of The Iraqi Conflict Avenge Their Parents " Deaths. I Lost 150 Pounds And No Fucking Way Am I Telling You My Secret. 16 Incredible GIFs We Would Make If We Knew How. What Song Is This?. Stanley Tucci's Racist Tirade: Our Take If It Ever Happened.   
 Find Out What OJ Simpson, Steven Spielberg, And Deborah Kingsford Have To Say. LeBron James Should Not Have To Go To Jail For Losing The NBA Finals. 10 Kicks You Should Know About Before You Watch The World Cup. This 43-Year-Old Man Won't Let Himself Be Defined By Barbie's Beauty Standards. Think We Live In A Post-Racial Society? Think Again. Which  "Mad Men' Character Are You?. This Dog Stayed By His Owner's Grave For 10 Years Due To Our Country's Lack Of Canine Grieving Resources.   
 Find Out What Usher, Pierce Brosnan, And Chris Bosh Have To Say. The 5 Best Quotes About Fatherhood. NBA Finals Quiz: How Well Do You Know The Players " Vultures?. 7 Photos Of Harrison Ford's Ankle In Its Prime. When I Started Writing  "Game Of Thrones, " I Didn't Know What Horses Looked Like. Father's Day Traditions From Around The World. 70 Years Later, We Still May Never Know What D-Day Was.    Find Out What Eminem, Jaden Smith, And Emma Stone Have To Say. What Is ClickHole?. 5 Iconic Movie Scenes That Were Actually Fake. Want To Feel Old? The Movie  "High Fidelity " Would Be A Sexy 14-Year-Old By Now. It's Nice To Remember The Good Things In Life. Meet The Most Powerful Man you've Never Heard Of. 8 Touching Pics Of Celebrities And Their Dads.    6 Heads You Never Realized Are Also On Mount Rushmore. Yep. He Went There.. 8 Ways To Dial Up Your World Cup Party From 0 All The Way To 3 Or 4. The Only Way For Us To Move This Country Forward Is For All Americans To Sit In One Massive Circle And Talk About It. What's Your Sex IQ?. It's Time To Publicly Execute Ronald McDonald. The Top 12  "Game Of Thrones "-Inspired Baby Names.    What's Your Sex IQ?. It's Time To Publicly Execute Ronald McDonald. The Top 12  "Game Of Thrones "-Inspired Baby Names. The World's Dumbest Criminals. What This Adorable Little Girl Says Will Melt Your Heart. Which Hungry Hungry Hippo Are You?. 9 Little-Known Holidays You'll Never Want To Miss Again.   
 Find Out What LeBron James, Bill Gates, And Neil DeGrasse Tyson Have To Say.   
